Ever noticed how plane seats appear to be getting smaller and smaller? With increasing numbers of people taking to the skies some experts are questioning if having such packed out planes is putting passengers at risk. They say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable  its putting our health and safety in danger. This week a U.S consumer advisory group set up by the Department of Transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes it doesnt stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans. But could crowding on planes lead to more serious issues than fighting for space in the overhead lockers crashing elbows and seat back kicking? Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch a standard which on some airlines has decreased . While United Airlines has 30 inches of space Gulf Air economy seats have between 29 and 32 inches Air Asia offers 29 inches and Spirit Airlines offers just 28 inches.
A drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions enclosure at a zoo in western India. Rahul Kumar 17 clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting he would kill them. Mr Kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and thought Id stand a good chance against the predators. The intoxicated teenager ran towards the lions shouting Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me! Fortunately there are eight moats to cross before getting to where the lions usually are and he fell into the second one allowing guards to catch up with him and take him out. A police spokesman said He has been cautioned and will be sent for psychiatric evaluation.
Dougie Freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new twoyear deal to remain at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has stabilised Forest since he replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce and the clubs owners are pleased with the job he has done at the City Ground. Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new deal at Nottingham Forest . Freedman has impressed at the City Ground since replacing Stuart Pearce in February . They made an audacious attempt on the playoff places when Freedman replaced Pearce but have tailed off in recent weeks. That has not prevented Forests ownership making moves to secure Freedman on a contract for the next two seasons.
Liverpool target Neto is also wanted by PSG and clubs in Spain as Brendan Rodgers faces stiff competition to land the Fiorentina goalkeeper according to the Brazilians agent Stefano Castagna. The Reds were linked with a move for the 25yearold whose contract expires in June earlier in the season when Simon Mignolet was dropped from the side. A January move for Neto never materialised but the former Atletico Paranaense keeper looks certain to leave the Florencebased club in the summer. Neto rushes from his goal as Juan Iturbe bears down on him during Fiorentinas clash with Roma in March . It had been reported that Neto had a verbal agreement to join Serie A champions Juventus at the end of the season but his agent has revealed no decision about his future has been made yet. There are many European clubs interested in Neto such as for example Liverpool and Paris SaintGermain Stefano Castagna is quoted as saying by Gazzetta TV. Real Madrid? Well see. We have not made a definitive decision but in any case he will not accept another loan move elsewhere.
Bruce Jenner will break his silence in a twohour interview with Diane Sawyer later this month. The former Olympian and reality TV star 65 will speak in a farranging interview with Sawyer for a special edition of 2020 on Friday April 24 ABC News announced on Monday. The interview comes amid growing speculation about the fatherofsixs transition to a woman and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February. Scroll down for video . Reports also emerged over the past week that he has received a breast enhancement. Hiding He also apparently had painted his nails red when he was seen walking on Sunday . although his reps have refused to confirm the claims. I guess Ill kind of let everyone be curious and I feel like thats his journey to talk about Kim recently told Entertainment Tonight. I think everyone goes through things in life and I think that story and what Bruce is going through I think hell share whenever the time is right. She died at the scene . Kris filed for divorce from him last year .
This is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant pig out of a garden swimming pool. The prize porker known as Pigwig had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood Hampshire. His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out. A spokesman for Dorset Fire and Rescue Service said At 4.50pm yesterday the service received a call to a pig stuck in a swimming pool. One crew of firefighters from Ferndown and a specialist animal rescue unit from Poole were mobilised to this incident. The twohour rescue operation ended with the wayward horse being fitted with straps under her belly and lifted up into the air with an allterrain crane before being swung around and deposited back on dry land.
The amount of time people spend listening to BBC radio has dropped to its lowest level ever the corporations boss has admitted. Figures show that while millions still tune in they listen for much shorter bursts. The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in the last three months of 2014 according to official figures. This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. The minutes of the BBC Trusts February meeting published yesterday revealed that director general Tony Hall highlighted the fall. Sources blamed the downward trend on people leading fasterpaced lives than in the past and a change in habits amongst young people. That problem is likely to grow as Apple develops its longrumoured streaming service. Earlier this month Matthew Postgate the BBCs chief technology officer said the Corporation would adopt a new digital first strategy to help it target a new generation of users.
CNNSo youd like a Full House reunion and spinoff? You got it dude! Costar John Stamos announced Monday night on Jimmy Kimmel Live that Netflix has ordered up a reunion special followed by a spinoff series called Fuller House. The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure who played eldest daughter D.J. Tanner in the original series  which aired from 1987 to 1995  as the recently widowed mother of three boys. Talks with costarsBob Saget MaryKate and Ashley Olsen Dave Coulier and Lori Loughlin are ongoing Netflix said. Her younger sister Stephanie  now an aspiring musician  and her lifelong best friend and fellow single mom Kimmy move in to help her care for her two boys and the new baby. On Monday Barber tweeted Cameron Bure to ask whether she was ready to resume their onscreen friendship. Fans were over the moon at the news.
At 1120pm former world champion Ken Doherty potted a final black and extinguished for now the dream of Reanne Evans to become the first women player to play the hallowed baize of Sheffields Crucible Theatre in the world snooker championship. In every other respect however 29yearold Evans a single mum from Dudley was a winner on Thursday night. She advanced the cause of women in sport no end and gave Doherty the fright of his life in an enthralling and attritional match that wont be bettered in this years qualifying tournament. Snookers governing body had been criticised in some quarters for allowing Evans a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sports bluechip event on April 18  something no female had achieved. Reanne Evans shakes hands with Ken Doherty following his 108 victory at Ponds Forge . She played better than me and lost. I dont know how I won that final frame. It was a struggle. I have the womens game on my shoulders. He has two more qualifying rounds before he makes the Crucible but its doubtful he will face a tougher opponent.
A gang of six men have been jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of a string of sexual offences against teenager girls. The offences which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child to rape happened in cars woods or at the defendants homes in Banbury Oxfordshire. Oxford Crown Court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them. Jailed Ahmed HassanSule 21 left was sentenced to nine years imprisonment. Mohamed Saleh 22 right was imprisoned for four years and nine months . This raised your profile among young people in Banbury and you saw yourself as a celebrity. The judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence who accused the girls of coming forward because its better to be a victim than a slag. When I started hanging around with them I felt important. I never wanted to do it. As in all trials without their testimony we would not be where we are today. Manase had also pleaded guilty to possession of identity documents with intent.
Biting his nails nervously these are the first pictures of the migrant boat captain accused of killing 900 men women and children in one of the worst maritime disasters since World War Two. Tunisian skipper Mohammed Ali Malek 27 was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the Mediterranean. Before leaving the Italian coastguard vessel however he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of Malta. He was later charged with multiple manslaughter causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue. Scroll down for videos . Grim Survivors said they resorted to clinging to floating corpses until coastguards came to their rescue . The survivors who hailed from Mali Gambia Senegal Somalia Eritrea and Bangladesh were all recovering Tuesday at holding centres near Catania on Sicilys eastern coast. We have what is fast becoming a failed state on our doorsteps and criminal gangs are enjoying a heyday.
South Korea Ambassador Lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from last months knife attack. Mark Lippert 42 suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knifewielding nationalist Kim KiJong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month. The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and twoandahalf hours of surgery. Scroll down for video . The brace was created by Seouls Severance Hospital and Lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it. It is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as I am able to hold things in my hand. He added This is of particular importance when I am walking Grigsby as I often need two hands to manage his dog Grigsby he said . Last week South Korean prosecutors formally charged Kim KiJong with attempted murder . Investigators have ransacked Kims home as part of an investigation into Kims possible links with North Korea. U.S.
England captain Alastair Cook completed a muchneeded century on the second morning of Englands opening tour match in the West Indies. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. A controlled thick edge from the first ball of the day brought him an 11th boundary of the innings and in the following over he punched the ball for two off the back foot. He offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner Gary Ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries. That allowed Ian Bell to arrive at the crease with batting time more important to the tourists than attempting to force a result in this twoday fixture.
CNNWarren Weinstein who appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in January. But it didnt have to be that way. A senior U.S. official familiar with the handling of the issue told CNN that the U.S. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73yearold development experts release either directly to al Qaeda or through proxies in Pakistan. According to the official nothing came of those feelers. Its not clear how far this plan of action went. Amerine is invoking whistleblower protection and denies making an unauthorized disclosure. Shahbaz Taseer the son of a leading Pakistani liberal politician Salman Taseer  who was killed by Pakistani militants eight months earlier  was kidnapped in Lahore on August 26 2011. He held a doctorate in international law and economics from Columbia University and spoke more than half a dozen languages. There are some solutions for these problems. Should families abuse their clearances they would no longer receive classified information about their loved ones which is a strong incentive not to abuse them.
A thief nicknamed the Black Widow of Facebook who drugged and robbed men after she lured them into bed has been arrested. Argentinian conartist Sofia Davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network suggesting they meet up for sex. But after meeting her victims the 21yearold from Buenos Aires would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious before ransacking their homes. She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies . I then began to fill ill and passed out. When I woke up my feet and hands were tied and there were two men in my flat taking my TV stereo and other things. One of Davilas victims said the pair hit it off at a hotel and he didnt think have any suspicions when they met up again at his home. We also found that the man had been drugged.
As Australian Fashion Week comes to a close a new damning report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in Australia and their companies for the ongoing exploitation of their overseas workers. Lowes Industrie Best  Less and the Just Group  which includes Just Jeans Portmans and Dotti  were identified as some of the worst performing companies by The 2015 Australian Fashion Report. Amongst the best performers were Etiko Audrey Blue Cotton On HM and Zara. None of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage. The whole point in our reporting scorecard is if these companies dont have rigours systems in place to mitigate against those risks then you cant be sure that there is no forced labour or child labour in their supply chain Gershon Nimbalker an advocacy manager at Baptist World Aid said . We found all the public information available on the companies  public statements anything online  and compiled and assessed it before sending a copy to the company and asking for feedback or asking them to tell us what we missed. About 75 per cent did engage but one quarter didnt.
Arsenals midfield trio Jack Wilshere Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby have all been handed starts for the clubs Under 21s game on Tuesday night as they continue their respective recoveries from injury. Steve Gattings young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium in a U21 Premier League clash. Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting lineup alongside a host of promising youngsters including Dan Crowley. Iliev MaitlandNiles OConnor Bielik OrmondeOttewill Diaby Arteta Gnabry Wilshere Crowley Iwobi . Diabys fitness troubles have been well documented with the French midfielder racking up 227 weeks out during his nineyear career with the club. Arsene Wenger said last Thursday Theyve no problem after that coming out of the game. They are back available in training a bit short still of top competitive level certainly but thats normal. Gnabry who played nine times in the Premier League last season has been blighted by injuries this term and is yet to play a first team game. England star Wilshere scored the opening goal and created another against a Brentford development XI .
Tragedy Prasanna Nick Arulchelvam died when he fell from a van while chasing a gang of thieves . A courageous shopkeeper was killed when he made a desperate attempt to stop a gang of thieves who had broken into his van in a cash and carry car park. A customer in the Costco car park in Watford where the incident happened reported hearing a nasty crunch as the 34yearolds head hit the ground. Mr Prasanna then gave chase as he saw a separate van speeding off. With equal determination and with an utterly callous regard for his safety the two men used violence that cost this man his life. Last October cousins Patrick and James ODriscoll were handed jail terms of tenandahalf years and sevenandahalf years after pleading guilty to the manslaughter of Mr Prasanna. A European Arrest Warrant was issued but he was arrested in Corby Northamptonshire in December 2014. What example are you setting to your three children? . On the Sunday they drove to Radwell and collected McInerney. All have now been jailed .
CNNA fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday. The deep reddish color caught Seattle native Tim Durkans eye. He photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the citys skyline and shared them on CNN iReport. The dramatic sunsets began showing up over the weekend and had Seattle locals wondering where the ambercolored haze was originating from Durken said. The fires were started in southeastern Siberia by farmers burning grass in their fields. But on April 14 it is believed that the flames quickly grew out of control because of strong winds and spread throughout the region according to CNN affiliate KOMOTV. That means colors like red and orange are able to penetrate the air unfiltered.
Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17thcentury camel that was likely used in the second OttomanHabsburg war. They believe the camel  the first intact camel skeleton found in central Europe  may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683. In a country where cows dominate the rural landscape the discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists.
CNNWould you want a TV program about your family history to include details of a distant longdeceased relative who had owned slaves? Seriously who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to other than a remote bloodline? I wouldnt and neither did Ben Affleck who lobbied producers of a PBS show Finding Your Roots to remove any reference to his greatgreatgreat grandfather Benjamin Cole a Georgia slave owner in the mid1800s in an episode that looked at Afflecks family history. Affleck revealed Coles name Wednesday night. Afflecks attempt to alter the content of the program only publicly became known a few days ago after WikiLeaks released hacked emails revealing an exchange between Gates and Sony Pictures chief Michael Lynton. When Gates asked how he should respond to Afflecks request to delete the material Lynton responded all things being equal I would definitely take it out. I was embarrassed. The very thought left a bad taste in my mouth. Theres not even a hint that Affleck strongarmed the producers or made any type of threats against them if they included the information.
Wanted A police efit image of millionaire people trafficker Ermias Ghermay who is thought to have made 72m with his accomplice Mered Medhanie from smuggling migrants in the last two years . Two millionaire people traffickers have been heard mocking the migrant boat disasters that have resulted in thousands of deaths in the Mediterranean it has been reported. One of them an Eritrean called Mered Medhanie also known as The General was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships a problem that causes them to capsize. Medhanie 34 who is based in the Libyan capital of Tripoli is said to have boasted They say I put too many aboard but theyre the ones who want to leave in a hurry. He was heard declaring last summer They organised another trip a few days ago. I dont know what happened  they probably died. Teenagers arriving on the Italian island of Lampedusa told how passengers from subSaharan Africa were placed in the hold with no water sunlight or crucially means of escape. A police handout showing Mohammed Ali Malek left and Mahmud Bikhit right after their arrest in Malta . It later capsized.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix her fourth holiday in a month pictured at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix last November After 11 holidays in under six months you might have thought Princess Beatrice would be ready to put the brakes on her globetrotting. But yesterday the underemployed 26yearold was spotted enjoying the high life in an overseas location yet again this time at the Bahrain Grand Prix . She was in the Gulf state ruled by a controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing prodemocracy activists with her longterm boyfriend Dave Clark according to an onlooker who saw her among dignitaries on the starting grid before the race. She was walking behind the Crown Prince of Bahrain. On that occasion Princesses . lawyer Christopher Owen. Last month she flew to New York to celebrate sister Eugenies 25th birthday. She also recently also had a long weekend with friends in Greece. December 30 . January 21 2015 . Her company included comedian Jimmy Carr and girlfriend Karoline Copping retired footballer Jamie Redknapp and his wife Louise Jamie Reuben and Amit Bhatia Lakshmi Mittals soninlaw. February 17 . March 20 . April 5 .
After nearly two years of jockeying with Congress over the IRSs history of discriminating against conservative nonprofit groups former official Lois Lerner wont be charged with a crime for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions. U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen on his last day in office told House Speaker John Boehner in a sevenpage letter that Lerner could wrap herself in the U.S. Constitutions Fifth Amendment even though she offered a selfserving opening statement before clamming up during a May 22 2013 hearing. Lerner has long been in the GOPs crosshairs because she led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups applications for taxexempt status. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee had subpoenaed Lerner after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS AND THE DOJS LETTER TO BOEHNER . ILL TELL THE TRUTH ... Emailed? I have not broken any laws I have not violated any IRS rules or regulations and I have not provided false information to this or any other congressional committee. President Barack Obama named him to his post in December 2009.
Washington CNNISIS is a problem that is off the charts historically and has sent the United States into uncharted territory when it comes to putting down the terror group the Obama administrations point man in the fight recently told CNN. The comments which Brett McGurk made in an exclusive interview were some of the administrations strongest to date in describing the challenge the United States and its allies face in battling ISIS. This is a problem that is off the charts historically he said referring to the more than 20000 foreign fighters who have gone into Syria. He concluded Were in unchartered territory here. McGurk just returned from an urgent summit of coalition nations held in Jordan. Last week Canada became the latest nation to conduct airstrikes against ISIS over Syria. McGurk did not rule out expanding U.S. military action beyond Iraq and Syria to combat the increasing regional threat. To date that involvement has been extremely limited as Sunni tribes see Shiite militias many with horrendous human rights records take the lead.
David Cameron has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years Nigel Farage suggested today. In a dig at the Prime Minister the Ukip leader said that he was jealous of how the Tory leader has reversed the greying process while in Downing Street. After clashing at last weeks televised leaders debate Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Camerons hand and complimented him on his appearance. Scroll down for video . Im going to have a go myself its a wonderful thing. Hes also lost a lot of weight hes going out jogging. Asked if he thought Mr Cameron was too vain Mr Farage said To a certain extent they all are. Some people it worries to death and others really dont worry too much. I promise you he has not dyed his hair a spokesman said. Ive had a few grey hairs and I expect Ill get a few more whatever happens.
A bomb technician has used his expertise to create an Easter egg hunt for blind children  using beeping eggs. David Hyche now a special agent at the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms ATF developed the technology nine years ago when his fourmonthold daughter turned blind. A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a highpitched beeping sound. They trade the eggs in for candy . With my daughter one of her first phrases was I do it myself. Its logical for people who are explosives investigators. Its just a battery beeper and a switch... pretty simple. We love to give the opportunity for our children with disabilities and their families to come out and have the same opportunity as everybody else does said Tamara Harrison with the Alabama Institute.
A newlywed husband who was stabbed to death in a hotel room had solicited his murderer during a Craigslist exchange for gay sex according to new court records on Thursday. Jamyra Gallmon 21 has been charged with firstdegree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt 30 on February 9 in Washington D.C. The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculinesounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him. Scroll down for video . His hands had been bound with zipties into a pair of makeshift cuffs. Messerschmitt had texted his wife Kim Vuong at 7.45pm on February 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour after leaving his law office. He death was declared a homicide. Among the items recovered from the room were a computer lubricant condoms cell phone and enema kit Fox DC reported. She graduated in 2011. Davids family a son and brother and I have lost everything my husband and my best friend.
The families of victims of Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe are furious at plans to move him from Broadmoor to a lowsecurity Priory unit. A report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal which will rule if the move goes ahead. Neil Jackson whose mother Emily 46 became the Rippers second victim in 1976 told the Sun He should not be moved at all. Scroll down for video . Hospital Broadmoors corridors look ordinary but it houses some of Britains most disturbed individuals . He was said to be eating chocolate watching television and listening to music as well as being privileged to receive visitors four days a week who can stay for up to four hours. It has been claimed that Sutcliffe is now a Jehovahs Witness and was even given a baptism. The Priory Thornford Park set in Berkshire woodland . The former trucker who notoriously targeted prostitutes during his fiveyear killing spree has seen his health deteriorate in recent years. He had a hernia operation in 2013 and was reported to have suffered a heart attack. Hes getting an easy life and hes clearly enjoying every minute.
English essential This laminated document announces the new ISIS nursing school and lists the language entry requirements for wouldbe nurses . Militants fighting for the Islamic State terror group in Syria have announced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak English  something the NHS still hasnt introduced. Revealing plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS de facto capital Raqqa the extremists also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers. Among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled by the extremists and must speak fluent English. ISIS has launched Englishlanguage radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service  complete with information on the latest suicide bombings and martyrdom operations. The rule is still not being by the Nursing and Midwifery Council however as the regulator requires a lengthy public consultation process before it can amend its rules. Even then the law will only apply to candidates who medical authorities judge could be a danger due to poor English language skills.
Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever holeinone at the Masters on Wednesday as Camilo Villegas fired two in the space of five holes but still could not win the traditional parthree contest. Villegas holed out on the fourth and eighth as he finished alongside Kevin Streelman on five under par only to find water on the eighth when he played it again as the third playoff hole. Kevin Streelman holds his trophy aloft after winning the Par3 Contest on a playoff against Camilo Villegas . Streelman therefore became the latest player to be saddled with the curse of the parthree champion with no player ever becoming parthree and Masters champion in the same year. However that was placed firmly into perspective thanks to his 11yearold caddie Ethan Couch who has a benign but inoperable brain tumour. This isnt about me today. We just kind of jumped. I had it three under and then choked. These were memories for a lifetime said Woods who was also accompanied by girlfriend Lindsey Vonn. An amazing day. I apologise to golf Horan joked.
Barely out of nappies this fiveyearold boy was not the most likely candidate to take on six heavily armed troops. But that did not stop the Palestinian youngster dressed in full combat gear from attempting to pelt Israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the West Bank. The bemused officers equipped with helmets and body armour calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away. The incident raised fears that Palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence. Soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd after more than 100 Palestinians rallied near Israels separation barrier in the village of Bilin with some throwing stones. At least one protester was believed to have been injured as violence flared on the streets. We will not leave our prisoners in jail alone rally organiser Abdullah Abu Rahma said. During the last round of USbacked peace talks in 2013 and 2014 Israel freed dozens of longterm inmates.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was crazy following Wigans battling 22 draw against Fulham. The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting after twice coming from behind to snatch a point at Craven Cottage. Caldwell at 32 the youngest boss in the league only replaced the axed Malky Mackay on Wednesday and must have feared the worst when his side conceded after just three minutes to Ross McCormacks strike. Wigans Jason Pearce right is congratulated by Pennant left as he scores the second equaliser for his side . A stylish Jermaine Pennant freekick hauled Wigan level only for a stunning longrange effort from Matt Smith put Fulham back in front. An allconsuming job. A point lifted Wigan above Millwall who they face on Tuesday on goal difference but both teams are seven points adrift of safety. Well try to win every game he added. Hes had a lot of football recently and we needed some fresh legs. Its been a tough season to put it mildly and realistically it was probably always going to be like that.
An ultra luxury penthouse standing 319 metres off the ground in the tallest apartment block in the southern hemisphere has been bought off the plan by a Chinese businessman for a record price of 25 million. The Melbourne apartment which is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108 and boast 360 degrees over the city is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country Domain reports. The businessman who splashed out on the 750 square metre apartment on Southbank promenade plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed. It is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites. Scroll down for video . The new owner whose identity was not disclosed will have 360 degree views over Melbournes CBD their own private grand foyer and glass elevator. Australia 108 will contain 1105 luxury apartments as well as retail tenancies a multilevel carpark and communal facilities for residents including pools gym sauna steam room and private theatre. There will be not a more spectacular place to take a dip than in Australia 108 CBRE residential projects managing director Andrew Leoncelli said.
A travelinspired jewelry company is targeting those commoners who dream of becoming the next Kate Middleton by marrying into the British Royal family with a playful necklace designed to help anglophiles map out their fantasy marriages. Jet Set Candy which offers a collection of destinationspecific charms aimed at helping people to choose where they should head on their travels enables you to take your pick of Britains Royals with the Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm giving users eight possibilities for a future husband  including Kingtobe George. Fancy your chances with Prince Harry? Got eyes for a Duke? Your palace awaits! The jewelry brand which is perfect for anyone who has the travel bug also sells similar spinner charms for other cities as well as various destination pendants luggage tag charms link bracelets engraved bangles and more. Jet Set Candys founder and designer Nicole Parker King launched the collection in 2014 after traveling on six different continents and nearly 50 countries . Both pieces come in 14K gold vermeil and sterling silver . But despite all of her travels Nicole never came across her version of the perfect souvenir so she took it upon herself to create it.
This is the stomachchurning moment a pit crew worker is tossed into the air like a rag doll as hes hit by an outofcontrol racing car. Surveillance footage shows 40yearold Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sundays inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana. As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before coworkers rush over to check hes okay. Amazingly Phillips of Franklin Wisconsin only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches. It was later reported that he was mowed down by the car of Francesco Dracone who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel. Dracone spun while exiting his put box clipping Phillips leg. The 17race IndyCar season will conclude on August 30 at the Sonoma Raceway in California  one week before the Labor Day Weekend holiday.
First it was revealed that lashings of baby oil were used to keep Aidan Turners rippling torso looking suitably divine in the hit BBC Sunday night series Poldark. Then came the admission that while Aidan 31 very definitely did not wear mascara to enhance his seductive stares he was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes. Now it seems eagleeyed Poldark fans have a new question on their lips just where has Aidans chest hair gone? Scroll down for video . A good smattering! Definitely no scything here...Aidans chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot for BBC comedy drama Being Human which aired earlier this year . One viewer AidanTurner_Fan remarked that she would rather see her favourite star with a full rug Asked to shave his chest hair off?!! Scythed but not clean shaven? I just cant! But its Aiden turner I could try. And some got hot under the collar at the very thought of it. I worked hard for six weeks killing myself in the gym watching what I eat and staying away from bad food. Im back to my usual soft self.
Ed Miliband has overtaken David Cameron as the most popular political leader for the first time. In a shock new poll that will send shockwaves through Downing Street the Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings. The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day according to the pollsters Survation. Mr Miliband responded by accusing the Tories of dragging the election campaign into the gutter. Labour is up 2 points on 35 the Conservatives down one to 31. The SNP and the Greens are on 4 per cent each. According to tonights poll nearly seven out of ten voters back Mr Milibands proposal to scrap the non dom tax status.
Any parent will tell you that life is their childs party and theyll cry if they want to especially if they are made to do something they dont feel inclined to. A hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site Instagram exposing some of these awful that things parents do to their children such as giving them a bath how dare they putting them in their high chair so mean and even giving them cookies what a truly evil thing to do. aholeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning feeding and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction. Scroll down for video . I wouldnt let him drink the bubble solution therefore Im an aholeparent wrote another next to a picture of more tears. Apparently that makes me an aholeparent . I wont let her play with the dirty poop wipes in the trash can posted one parent. Have you ever suggested your child eat a broken granola bar? the description on the website says. Despite our best efforts children are often frustrated. May this be a humorous reminder that were all in this together.
Mirko Cro Cop Filipovic delivered on his promise to exact revenge as he stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round of their longawaited heavyweight rematch in Krakow. Eight years after their first encounter in which Gonzaga delivered a stunning knockout Filipovic endured a tough opening two sessions before making his move. After dropping his rival to the canvas he finished the job with his elbows before the referee stepped in. Brazilian Gonzaga attempts a leg lock submission against Filipovic . And Gonzaga continued to dominate in the second round catching a kick and taking Filipovic to the ground and there they stayed for the remainder of a session that also went Gonzagas way. But the fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round. Jimi Manuwa celebrates after his decision victory over Jan Blachowicz of Poland .
The saying two is company but threes a crowd clearly didnt apply to James Corden as he met two Beckham sporting stars. The comedian tweeted a picture on Thursday alongside former England captain David Beckham and New York Giants NFL hotshot Odell Beckham Jnr. Accompanied with the caption Double Beckhams! Corden was all smiles as he posed in between the duo. Both Beckhams who are of no relation were pictured in America with the 36yearold  who is currently filming latenight talk show Late Late in the States. Speaking as a guest on Cordens show the exReal Madrid and LA Galaxy star told the hilarious story of his 16yearold sons first foray into the world of dating. Beckham replied Yeah its happening. Hes going to hate me for this. I said Okay great. So we took him to a small sushi restaurant and he sat at the sushi bar and I sat about five tables back. When she gets to that age I will be closer than that! Brooklyn is looking to follow in his fathers footsteps by becoming a professional footballer .
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a 50million 36m price tag on Paulo Dybala telling Paris SaintGermain they will have to spend big to sign the new Lionel Messi. A bidding war is set to break out over Dybala who is being tracked by Manchester United Chelsea Arsenal Inter Milan Juventus and PSG. Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday when Palermo lost 10 against Parma and the Inter manager was understood to be there to watch Dybala. Yet the former Manchester City managers fiercest competition would be Ligue 1 champions PSG with Palermo determined to cash in. Today how much would you pay for Barcelonas Argentine? 200m 143m? 300m 215m? Messi is worth an entire team and Dybala is this kind of player. I want 40m 29m for him but I asked Nasser for 50m 36m.
More than 2000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn which apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke. Although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely and firefighters still do not know the cause of the fire. Scroll down for video . Plume Flames rose up from the street in the deserted part of central London today . Kingsway is closed as is the Strand underpass while Waterloo Bridge is closed northbound. Exhausted Firefighters looked tired as they took a break after working at the scene for hours . We want to see action. A UK Power Networks spokesman said There have been a small number of incidents disturbing pavements over recent years caused by a variety of reasons and affecting utility infrastructures underground. Dramatic This aerial image shows how a wide area of London was left without power . Im terrified its going to happen when Im near one. In a separate incident 15 engines were called to a fire on an industrial unit in north London.
Boca Juniors set up a mouthwatering Copa Libertadores last16 clash with fierce rivals River Plate after a 20 victory over Palestino to finish Group Five with a 100 per cent winning record. Leandro Marin headed the Argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute but a lengthy delay in the second half meant there was a significant amount of injury time with Jonatan Calleri sealing all three points in the 11th minute of time added on. Victory over their Chilean opponents ensured Boca finish as the highest seeds of the competition  with no other teams winning all of their group games  while no second placed team can finish on less points than River. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Copa Libertadores Highlights Boca Juniors 20 Palestino . It sets up a Superclasico date and Boca boss Rodolfo Arruabarrena said It will be tough and exhausting. Brazilian outfit Corinthians made sure of top spot in Group Two following a goalless draw with reigning champions San Lorenzo who sit third and must hope they beat Danubio next week and Corinthians beat Sao Paulo. Brazilian international Nilmar scored for Internacional as they thumped Universidad de Chile 40 .
Former Queens Park Rangers chairman Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at Valley Parade. Paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011 and has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung. The Italian seems to have enjoyed more success in West Yorkshire where he has forged an official link to Bradford a club which has been one of the great success stories of the season. Bradfords most memorable moment of the season came during their shock FA Cup win over Chelsea . They took 8000 supporters to Stamford Bridge and generated a brilliant atmosphere for the tie at home to Sunderland. It was a reminder of the clubs enormous potential having been led out of the doldrums of League Two and administration by chairmen Julian Rhodes and Mark Lawn with the help of Parkinsons managerial skill. Paladini spent eight years at QPR seizing control after a complicated takeover in 2003 and attracting investment from billionaires Lakshmi Mittal and F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore.
Middlesbrough bounced back from defeat to Watford with a convincing 20 win over struggling Rotherham United. After losing by the same scoreline on Easter Monday Aitor Karankas kept their automatic promotion hopes alive with their 14th home win of the season thanks to secondhalf goals by Lee Tomlin and Patrick Bamford who also missed a late penalty. But with the top three sides all winning Boro stayed fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table. Tomlin centre is mobbed by his Middlesbrough teammates after his fine solo effort gives them the lead . Middlesbrough Konstantopoulos Kalas Gibson Ayala Woodgate 70 Friend Clayton Whitehead 79 Forshaw Adomah Tomlin Nsue Lopez 85 Bamford Garcia Martinez. Subs not used Ripley Vossen Amorebieta Wildschut . Booked Arnason Frecklington . Referee Iain Williamson . Attendance 19537 . First Ayalas header was cleared off the line before Tomlins followup shot was blocked. The opening goal came five minutes into the second half when Tomlin pressed forward and the Millers defenders stood off the forward allowing him time and space to plant a low shot past Martinez. However the on loan Chelsea star failed to add to his tally late on when he saw his penalty saved .
Jeremy Clarkson and his fellow Top Gear presenters were just about to renew their lucrative contacts for three more years but they were scrapped when the star punched the shows producer. James May 52 revealed he had prematurely celebrated the threeyear deal by ordering a rare 200000 Ferrari before Clarksons sacking after an infamous fracas with producer Oisin Tymon. May says he had ordered the last ever Ferrari 458 Speciale  in bright orange  while the draft version of the lucrative contract was sitting on his desk with only a few details to resolve. But after Clarkson punched Tymon in a rage over a hot meal the offer was taken off the table. Scroll down for video . He said Everybody knows whats happened. Thats all been in the news. And I cannot and wont speculate further than that. So dont know lets see. Itll be exciting whatever. There is mounting speculation the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix Amazon or another British broadcaster.
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fastbowling prospects in England. Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour but has spent time since the World Cup working on his runup  and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets. Ive had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months he said. But I feel everything at the crease is as I want it to be. My running style is something Ive had my issues with  kneeing the stumps and shortening my runup which is what cked me up really. Its about trying to get it back to being natural. Finns form return comes at a good time as Englands fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors . This summer more than 1000 cricket clubs will take part in Club Open Days supported by Waitrose  register your club at ecb.co.ukclubopendays .
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eyecatching hattrick as Hull FC beat Widnes 228 to make it backtoback wins for the first time since last June. Lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month but his efforts on Friday night settled a drab contest at the KC Stadium. The 22yearold winger showed good opportunism and no little speed on two occasions to pluck passes out of the air and race over 90 metres to add to his early opener. The hattrick puts him out in front as Super Leagues most prolific finisher in 2015. It was a third match in nine days for both sides although Widnes had reason to feel more hard done by after their Easter Monday trip to Catalans. The Vikings were defending doggedly near their own line to prevent a second Hull try when Stefan Marsh and Chris Dean were both forced off following a sickening clash of heads. Jordan Rankin was then wide with a 40metre penalty attempt after play had been brought back for a shoulder charge by Eamon OCarroll.
For years medical experts have warned about the dangers of too much salt but now new research is questioning conventional wisdom and warning instead of the dangers of too little salt . Both federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year. In February the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended keeping the larger limit although it withdrew support for the stricter limit for African Americans and people over 50 reports The Washington Post. So why are we still scaring people about salt? Even within the American Heart Association one of the organizations promoting the current salt limits there is disagreement with at least one former president claiming that there is no evidence that reducing salt consumption can lower blood pressure . In their view a typical healthy person can consume as much as 6000 milligrams per day without significantly raising health risks. They found that low sodium may stimulate the production of renin a hormone that may have harmful effects on blood vessels.
CNNThey used to do the guarding at Florida prisons. Now theyre the ones behind bars. Two Florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison the Florida Attorney Generals office said Thursday. An FBI informant met the men  Thomas Jordan Driver 25 David Elliot Moran 47 and Charles Thomas Newcomb 42  after infiltrating a branch of the KKK the Traditional American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan CNN affiliate WJXT reported. Driver told the informant that he had gotten into a fight with the inmate and that he and Moran wanted him six feet under according to court documents. When the FBI staged this crime scene and these photographs were shown to each of these men they were happy about it said Statewide Prosecutor Nick Cox. We will not tolerate nor will we ever remain silent over the violence of hatred embedded in prejudice in this country Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said. CNNs Joe Sutton contributed to this report.
Rafael Benitez has received fresh criticism of his waistline ahead of Napolis crucial Serie A fixture with Sampdoria this weekend as the quest for a UEFA Champions League place reaches a crescendo in Italy. The Spaniard has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria after it emerged that Sinisa Mihajlovic  the current Blucerchiati boss  is being lined up to replace Benitez at Napoli. But Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces appearing to quash rumours that a job swap is imminent. Benitez challenges Argentinian forward Gonzalo Higuain during a training session earlier today . I could take Benitez but Id have to take him to see a dietician first Ferrero told Radio Crc. Anyway if Mihajlovic does leave Ive already got a replacement. You all say hes leaving even if I dont know anything about it. As far as I am concerned hes staying. Paulo Sousas not going to be Sampdorias next coach it will be Italian comedy actor Lino Banfi. He arrives two hours before training and he leaves two hours after.
Labour peer John Prescott has defended Prince Charles over allegations he tries to secretly influence government policy with scrawled private notes to ministers  insisting he should right to write as many damn letters as he likes. The former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers and insisted he had a lot to offer this country. Lord Prescotts intervention comes after the Supreme Court backed a previous ruling paving the way for the publication of Prince Charless socalled black spider memos. The letters were penned between September 2004 and March 2005 and sent by the Prince to seven government departments. He said while he listens to the views of everyone who contacts him on political matters he makes his own decisions. Charles says it would be splendid to see Lord Prescott. The second is more personal and was written in the Princes distinctive handwriting in 2003.
Pakistan appear set to host Testplaying opposition in their home country for the first time in more than six years. Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short oneday international series next month likely to take place in Lahore and Karachi. No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lankas team bus in Lahore in March 2009  when six policemen and two civilians died and several of the tourists were injured. Their team bus came under fire while travelling through the city of Lahore . Sri Lankan cricketers were rescued by the Pakistani air force from Gadaffi Stadium after the terror attack . The details of Zimbabwes proposed trip are also not yet known. But Pakistan Cricket Board president Shaharyar Khan has stated that after discussions with his Zimbabwean opposite number Wilson Manase he expects the short tour to go ahead. They will send a security team to assess the situation following which they will confirm the tour.
Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. The highly usual situation was no coincidence but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord  Taylor to promote its edgy new fashionforward range. In order to ensure maximum exposure for their new Design Lab collection the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress. Scroll down for video . The move proved an instant success as the 88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range. Using Instagram as that vehicle is a logical choice especially when it comes to fashion said Lord  Taylors CMO Michael Crotty. Many celebrities now promote products and luxury brands via Twitter in return for either payment or freebies. Make sure yo go support my Brother willpowerpacker this weekend by seeing No Good Deed .... TherealTaraji  Idris kill this movie! wrote the actor on September 12.
Danny Willett gave a rules official who had been in his lineofsight a verbal blast which was clearly audible to spectators surrounding the 17th green at the Masters on Thursday. Englishman Willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preachers son facing a bogey or worse. Of anyone you should know the rules Willett shouted loudly at the official who was sitting about 60 yards away in a golf cart outside the gallery ropes. Willett was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey though he had calmed down by time he spoke to reporters about 30 minutes later. We were being timed for slow play which I can appreciate Willett said after carding a oneunder 71 at Augusta National. Its a little bit tricky out here so it takes a little bit of time but youd like to think the referee thats timing you knows exactly where to put his buggy and where not to put his buggy. Willett 27 a twotime European Tour winner is playing in his first Masters.
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile. The firms latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebooks site. Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature. Scroll down for video . Simply open Tinder go to your new profile and connect it to your Instagram account with a single tap  your Tinder profile will automatically start displaying your recent Instagram photos. You asked we listened the firm said. A study has found that nearly two thirds of dating app users are men  and one in five will pay for premium services. When a user reaches this limit the app tells them Youre Out of Likes and gives a countdown clock until 24 hours are up so they can start swiping again. A price is then shown. It seems the prices range from around 1.49 a month to as high as 14.99  but the reasons why are not clear. This equates to some users inadvertently paying 162 more than others over the course of a year.
Manchester United target Nathaniel Clyne admits he wants to play Champions League football as the Southampton defender continues to be linked with a move away from the south coast. The right back has been in impressive form this season as the Saints have surprised many with a challenge on the Premier Leagues top four. Clyne who has earned international recognition with his performances has courted interest from the Old Trafford club throughout the season. Nathaniel Clyne attended a fundraising event for the Football Fighting Ebola campaign on Sunday night . Its always good to have teams looking out for you it shows how well youve been doing all season Clyne told Sky Sports News. I am going to take that and keep on performing and be the best player I can be. Right now Im concentrating on playing for Southampton there are still games to play and try to push for that fourth spot.
A personal trainer who claims to have helped Gwen Stefani get into shape hit a woman so hard that she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood a court has hard. Mike Heatlie 42 launched the violent attack on Fiona McCartney outside a nightclub in Edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette. Heatlie from Edinburgh was once voted as one of the citys most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train Stefani before her 2009 U.S tour. At the time she described him as Superman. But Ms McCartney is now facing a 7000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer. He is due to appear again on April 22 for sentencing. Im reminded every day of this attack. The Edinburghbased trainer apparently worked on and off with the No Doubt singer pictured since 1997 . Speaking about the incident Heatlie said This was an unfortunate incident that occurred last year. I know it will be a huge success.
Lucky Selena Dicker 38 outran the avalanche on Mount Everest in the wake of the Nepal quake . A British climber has cheated death on Everest for the second time in a year it emerged last night. Miss Dicker who was born with a cleft palate had been trying to raise 45000 for Operation Smile which provides surgery for children with the condition. Six helicopters have been flying perilous rescue missions since the earthquake triggered a tsunami of ice and rock which crushed Base Camp killing at least 18 people and injuring dozens more. But while some climbers were able to tweet and update their Facebook pages others were cut off from communications leaving worried families in Britain desperate for news. Traveller Samuel Beckett 23 from Leicester is missing and his father Martin said We have not heard anything. They then wrote fog creeping up the valley. Gapyear volunteer Anna Buchanan 18 from New Malden was missing for more than 24 hours until she contacted her distraught mother Pauline who said As I spoke to her there was another tremor. Now we just want to know that hes safe. ALTITUDE SICKNESS SAVES AMANDA HOLDENS SISTER . Im still quite numb.
In a retweet on Thursday a staffer to real estate magnate Donald Trump managed to capture the coarsest background conversations Americans are having about former secretary of state Hillary Clintons personal baggage. He may now be looking for a new job. If Hillary Clinton cant satisfy her husband a Texascowgirl college student tweeted what makes her think she can satisfy America? When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trumps Twitter handle in the message one of the billionaires staffers retweeted it for him  to his audience of 2.8 million people. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Trump a multibillionaire whos considering a presidential run will be in New Hampshire on Saturday  where the episode will likely come up . SATISFIED? Time elapsed Less than three hours. His office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee not a fatfingered CEO who was responsible. Bill Clinton the 42nd U.S. president had an affair with a White House intern named Monica Lewinsky. I deleted them by choice because of the negative backlash I was receiving she said. Burmeister is no stranger to media attention.
Its a shame to see another talented young player being photographed taking hippy crack. It might be legal but its still a drug. If you want to be a top athlete you dont want that in your body. In a strange way maybe this story will actually help keep Jack Grealishs feet on the ground. He was outstanding against Liverpool but it was one game  he has not made it yet. Jack Grealish left has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . At Arsenal Arsene Wenger changed the attitude completely. He said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies. You eat whats required to refuel not for pleasure. Emre Can of Liverpool tries to tackle Grealish during their FA Cup tie with Aston Villa at Wembley .
CNNFive militants from the Kurdistan Workers Party were killed and another was wounded in clashes with Turkish armed forces in eastern Turkey the countrys military said Saturday. Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of Agri the armed forces said in a written statement. The Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance targeting Turkish soldiers who were securing an area in Agri ahead of a spring festival CNN Turk reported. Last month Abdullah Ocalan longtime leader of the Kurdistan Workers Party PKK called from his jail cell for the violence to end. In a historic letter he urged fighters under his command to lay down their arms stop their war against the Turkish state and join a congress to focus on the future. Since the first incidents more than three decades ago an estimated 40000 lives have been lost. The conflict has been some say a battle by activists among Turkeys Kurdish minority for independence.
An Israeli geologist claims he has confirmed the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to Jesus and his son in Jerusalem. The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place. Scroll down for video . Bones were discovered inside ossuaries including one that bore the inscription Jesus son of Joseph. However a very small percentage would have had the same family name combination as described in the Bible. The owner of the ossuary Oded Golan was accused of forging the inscription shortly after its discovery by an academic from the Sorbonne in Paris but he was later found innocent. Recently Dr Shimron gained access to the James Ossuary and scraped beneath the boxs patina the layer that forms on metal over time. A mosaic of Christ is shown . Christianity appears to have been a Jewish mystery faith. Two billion people believe all these miracles happened yet there is no evidence they did.
Barbie collectors mark your calendars This Saturday the very first Barbie Doll will go on sale again in Australia. Incredibly customers will be able to purchase the vintagestyle doll for the original 1959 sale price of just 3.00. Myer have teamed up with Mattel to reproduce the iconic dolls which will be on sale at five of their stores across the country. The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959. Fifties fashion The doll features a black and white striped onepiece swimsuit black heels gold hoop earrings and white sunglasses . Barbie is a true icon and one of a handful of toys that transcends generations said Myer Chief Merchandise  Marketing Officer and Deputy CEO Daniel Bracken.
Nicola Sturgeon will today launch an extraordinary bid to lead the UK as she unveils a string of policies apparently tailormade for a powersharing deal with Labour. The SNP leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy welfare payments energy bills and English university tuition fees. Several of her election pledges overlap with Labour policy including slashing tuition fees in England from a maximum of 9000 a year to 6000 and rolling back competition in the English NHS. Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left including halting the rollout of Iain Duncan Smiths popular changes to benefits and cancelling the Trident nuclear weapons system. Scroll down for video . Control The Tories warn SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon will be Ed Milibands puppet master if he becomes Prime Minister after the election . At the heart of the SNPs manifesto are plans for what Miss Sturgeon has called modest spending increases funded by yet more borrowing  but which in fact total 180billion over five years. The Conservatives were on 18 per cent and Liberal Democrats on just four per cent. It would end the generous Barnett Formula that funds Scotland.
Obese workers are lazy and unable to fulfil their roles and as a result are less likely to be hired a new survey has revealed. Almost half of 1000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight. Beverley Sunderland managing director at Crosslands Employment Solicitors who commissioned the research said Our research shows that prejudiced attitudes towards hiring obese workers are rife among British employers. The findings come in the wake of a European court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft 50 who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat. Body Mass Index calculated from a persons weight and height is accepted as a reliable indicator of obesity. According to the World Health Organisation the ideal BMI for most adults is between 18.5 and 24.9. But yesterdays ruling does not state what level of obesity would be classed as disabled. Critics at the time warned it could encourage the overweight to avoid slimming down in the hope of securing a payout.
Lazio replaced their fierce city rivals Roma as the leading challengers in the battle to chase down Serie A leaders Juventus by hammering Empoli 40 at the Stadio Olimpico. The Biancocelesti took a fourthminute lead through captain Stefano Mauri with Miroslav Klose adding a second just after the halfhour mark. Antonio Candreva and Felipe Anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for the Coppa Italia finalists who now lead Roma by a single point. Napolis Belgium forward Dries Mertens celebrates after scoring during their win against Fiorentina . Slovakian midfielder Marek Hamsik celebrates his goal as Napoli thumped Fiorentina at home . Achraaf Lazaar put the visitors on their way in the 15th minute before Luca Rigoni doubled Palermos lead six minutes later and Ivaylo Chochev made it 30 in the 66th minute. Udinese did not take a shot on goal until nine minutes from time when Antonio Di Natale beat Palermo goalkeeper Stefano Sorrentino. Sergio Pellissier struck late on to boost Chievo 13 points clear of the relegation zone with a 10 victory at Cesena while Atalanta opened a sevenpoint gap on the drop zone with a precious win.
A highlevel ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an unprecedented number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling. The revelation follows widespread public anger at Indonesias executions of Australian nationals Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan despite the pleas of the Federal government. It also comes as one of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China  Sydney man Peter Gardner  had his case pushed forward by six months. Scroll down for video . Australian citizen Ibrahim Jalloh pictured is reportedly facing drugs charges in Guangzhou province . Jockey Anthony Roger Bannister pictured was charged with importing 3kg of methamphetamine . All were arrested for drugrelated offences. The document said consular assistance was provided to the Australians including monitoring developments prisoner welfare visits and keeping in contact with family or nominated contacts. Other possible steps appeared to be redacted. Do you know more? Daniel.Piotrowskimailonline.com . Drug ring? Ms Davis was freed without charge following a traumatic month in a Chinese prison last year where she was forced to crop her hair short. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Scotland will discover on May 21 if Septembers Euro 2016 qualifier with Georgia will be played behind closed doors. UEFA has announced it has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation GFF after fans twice invaded the field of play during Sundays 20 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi. European footballs governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches including blocked stairs locked gates and a lack of body searches by staff at the Boris Paichadze Stadium will also be investigated. A fan invades the pitch during Georgias 20 defeat by Germany on Sunday in Tbilisi . But GFF president Zviad Sichinava admits he fears UEFA will force him to shut the stadium for the September 4 meeting with Gordon Strachans side throwing Scottish supporters travel plans into chaos. He said Delegates from UEFA are already sending reports and unfortunately there will be monetary sanctions. Scotland currently sit third in Group D a point behind leaders Poland. Georgia are fifth with just one win from five games.
Arsenal are having reservations over their interest in Raheem Sterling following the Liverpool forwards turbulent few weeks. The Gunners are keen on the Reds forward who is stalling on a new 100000perweek contract at Anfield. But it is understood the 20yearolds tempestuous fortnight has not gone unnoticed by members of the Emirates Stadium hierarchy. Arsenal may pull out of the running to sign Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling following recent events . Brendan Rodgers has backed his wayward star but contract standoff has created tension at Liverpool . Sterlings decision to hold his now infamous BBC interview without Liverpools permission is said to have surprised those at north London. England and Arsenal midfielder Wilshere right was involved in a smoking controversy back in February . Manchester City Manchester United and Chelsea are monitoring Sterlings contract talks closely. Last week Real Madrid chief Zinedine Zidane admitted the Spanish giants were scouting the Liverpool star while Bayern Munich are also interested.
Arsenal moved further clear of the two Manchester clubs in second place and kept the pressure up on leaders Chelsea as they held on to beat a spirited Burnley at Turf Moor. Arsene Wengers side were far from their best but Aaron Ramseys early goal put them ahead and Burnley for all their endeavour didnt create too many clearcut chances. Heres how Sportsmail rated each player... Burnley . 7 . Kieran Trippier Forced Ospina into a good save with a curling freekick and delivered well from corners. 6 . Jason Shackell At fault for Arsenals opener as his sloppy pass gave possession away cheaply. 5.5 . 6.5 . 7 . Michael Duff goes up to challenge Arsenals inform striker Olivier Giroud during the hardfought encounter . 6 . 6 . 6.5 . 6 . 6 . 6 . Subs Taylor for David Jones 90 . Arsenal . 7 . Hector Bellerin Faded after a bright start. Nutmegged by Mee. 6 . 7 . 7 . 6 . Mesut Ozil Less effective than he was against Liverpool with only flashes of brilliance. 6 . 6.5 . Santi Cazorla Left his shooting boots in north London. 6 . 6 . 5 .
While Robin van Persies career appears to be on the wane but his son Shaqueel could have a bright future ahead of him in the goal scoring and celebrating stakes. The sevenyearold who has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert showed he has inherited some of his fathers skills after being filmed scoring with a scorpion kick in his back garden. Van Persie Snr. posted the video on his Instagram account which sees the youngster net with a move made famous by former Colombia keeper Rene Higuita before celebrating with some Greaseinspired dance moves  much to the amusement of his dad. GOOOOOOALLLLLL Yessssssss lovely assist though. Meanwhile the Manchester United forward will reportedly be offered 5million to leave Old Trafford in the summer. The Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season but has still managed 10 Premier League goals . Colombia No 1 Rene Higuita famously performed a scorpion kick against England at Wembley .
Shes a bestselling singer actress beauty buff and one of the worlds most stylish stars. And now Rita Ora  who is only 24 and has already made the transition from a Kosovanborn fledgling singer to one of the globes most successful stars  has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range. For her latest collaboration with adidas Originals Rita has taken the brands classics and put her own bold spin on them. The result? A collection that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself. Scroll down for video . Ive contrasted that with the fit basketball style cuts which were inspired by American culture. Im more of a tomboy myself but I also love to get dressed up and wear a big dress so my designs embody that contrast. But UK or US Ive always been a sneakerhead. Whenever I have a day off I spend the day in my bed watching movies in my pyjamas eating takeaway she revealed. Aw thank you! she replied. Its great to be able to give a try to so many different things.
A stunning convertible Ferrari which is almost identical to one that was famously destroyed in cult 1980s film Ferris Buellers Day Off is expected to sell for 10million at auction. The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick. The car in classic Ferrari red was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Buellers best friend Cameron in the movie. One of just 16 in existence it has a 3litre V12 engine which develops around 280bhp. It will do 060mph in less than 7 seconds and hit a top speed of more than 150mph. Earlier this year a model previously owned by the French actor Alain Delon and requiring a full restoration sold for 12.5 million . This car drives beautifully looks absolutely spectacular and is ready to delight its next owner.
A robot has been arrested by Swiss police after it bought a supply of illegal drugs on a hidden region of the internet known as the dark net. The automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to 100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web. The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen in north east Switzerland. The items it bought included a pair of Nike trainers counterfeit designer jeans the scan of a Hungarian passport and a set of UK Fire Brigade masterkeys. However it seems the Random Darknet Shopper crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden in a DVD case. Other dark net sites allow users to share pornographic photographs hacked information credit card numbers and other illegal goods. At the same time we also received the order for withdrawal of prosecution.
Britains five highestearning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of 690000 a year. The sum is almost five times the Prime Ministers 142500 pay packet  and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices. A further 11 dentists were paid between 400000 and 500000 and a total of 177 received more than 200000. More than 1600 pocketed 100000200000. The figures lay bare the huge amounts of taxpayers money paid to dentists for NHS work following Labours introduction of controversial contracts in 2006. Scroll down for video . Lucrative Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts as well as private patients . Yesterdays Daily Mail . Patient Concerns Roger Goss said This is scandalous. But Tory Charlotte Leslie who sat on the health select committee of MPs said Most people will be absolutely stunned individual clinicians are getting such astronomical salaries on the NHS.
Voters are still in the dark about the scale and depth of spending cuts being planned by all the main parties with just two weeks until polling day economic experts warned today. Analysts from the Institute for Fiscal Studies said none of the major parties had given anything like full details on how they will tackle the nations debts after the election. The Tories were accused of giving no detail about their deficit reduction plan which relies on 30billion of cuts while Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra 26billionayear. Scroll down for video . It accused Tory Chancellor George Osborne and his Labour opponent Ed Balls of failing to spell out exactly where the axe will fall. IFS deputy director Carl Emmerson said There are genuinely big differences between the main parties fiscal plans. As a percentage of gross domestic product GDP it has dropped by half from 10.2 per cent to 4.8 per cent. However underlying debt of 1.48 trillion is more than 500 billion higher than the 200910 figure of 956 billion. But this would leave borrowing at 26billion a year in todays terms. CONSERVATIVES . LIB DEMS . UKIP . GREENS .
Marathon season is in full swing with the London Marathon set to take place a week on Sunday. The long distance runners will inspire many to take up running and as the evening gets lighter and the weather gets warmer its the perfect time to pull on your trainers and get fit. But what trainers should you go for? Running is often celebrated as a budget sport because you dont have to pay expensive gym fees or buy lots of equipment. Adidas Ultra Boost 130 Adidas promise to deliver your greatest run ever with their new trainer which features their muchhyped Boost technology. This is a type of cushioning that the sports brand have developed that looks like polystyrene and offers support and comfort to the wearer. Aldis 19.99 premium running shoes for women comes in a turquoise and pink shade . LUCYS VERDICT APPEARANCE . My toes had plenty of space at the front so they didnt pinch when my foot pushed forward when I was running and they werent too lose at the heel so they didnt rub. Wearing thicker socks did help but I still felt my feet were sliding around a bit too much.
An apprentice electrician fell off a ladder and died in front of his father after he was electrocuted while testing lights in a factory an inquest has heard. Nathan Brown 19 was working with his father David an experienced electrician when he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane. The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane. He was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries. The pair were both working at Eurofabs UK Ltd a sheet metal manufacturer in Rochdale Greater Manchester when tragedy struck in September 2013. Forensic pathologist Philip Lumb told the inquest he found burn marks consistent with electrocution on Nathans arm. I remember saying Why what happened? He said You need to get here as soon as you can mum. I just rushed out the house and got on the car and drove straight over. Time is a great healer and I hope that will be the case.
The England C team is facing the axe after 36 years as part of Greg Dykes spending review at the Football Association. FA chairman Dyke must find 30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs and has identified the nonleague national team as an area of potential saving. England C which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 is managed by former Barnet boss Paul Fairclough who selects from players outside the Football League aged 23 and under. The team normally plays only three or four times a season but some friendly fixtures have attracted attention inside the organisation because of the elaborate travel involved. England won 61 in Bermuda in June 2013 and won 10 in Jordan in March last year. Boyd and MackailSmith won caps for Scotland and Morison for Wales. Barnsley manager Lee Johnson was also capped at nonleague level.
British jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks such as Burger King Pringles and mojitos which they have had carried across the Turkish border into Syria. Wouldbe fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq who are desperately missing the Western treats. However the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasnt gone unnoticed with Twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden. Scroll down for video . ISIS fighter Jannahtain tweeted this picture of a Burger King Whopper which he claimed had been snuck into Syria from Turkey . Another photo posted on his page showed chocolate Pringles and even cans of premixed mojitos . Jihad2015. Meanwhile four Britons who were detained . said. the month. Waheed Ahmed the son of Rochdale politician Shakil Ahmed was . arrested when he returned to Britain on Tuesday. crossing via Turkey. British media who has appeared in several Islamic State . beheading videos.
The pound has slipped to a fiveyear low against the dollar amid growing uncertainty about the outcome of the general election. But the pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar its lowest level since June 2010  just after the last election when no party secured a majority. Different polls have variously put the Tories and Labour narrowly ahead with David Cameron and Ed Miliband both facing the prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form a government. Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament with neither major party able to form a stable government. There are fears it could sent pound plummeting by another 10 per cent. Construction shrank by 0.9 per cent following a 2.5 per cent contraction in January. The latest survey also contains good news for the Liberal Democrats who gain three points to draw level with Ukip for the first time in more than 18 months. Nick Clegg is defending 56 seats but is braced for heavy losses . Labour would be tough on business  and might be perceived as lacking fiscal responsibility the US giant said in the report.
A motheroftwo claims her face was left covered in angry red welts after drinking a bottle of Tesco wine which reeked of bleach. Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine to celebrate her daughters birthday. Her mother Jan Jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abis 18th birthday and they had poured a glass to toast the occasion. But despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach. Motheroftwo Ms Jones 44 said It tasted foul. We were horrified. The accountant from Shropshire suffers from rare condition pemphigus which means her immune system is extremely sensitive to certain chemicals and attacks her body leaving serious blisters. I feel awful about their response. I wasnt looking for money I wanted a result. This is particularly worrying as our product had obviously been tampered with and caused me considerable pain.
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years. Currently a total of 215462 licences exist compared to the 177675 owned in 2010 according to figures obtained by News Corp. Tamworth 403km north of Sydney was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences  3259  with Bathurst 200km west of Sydney a close second at 3075. Pictured NSW police busted an illegal firearm operation in the Casino and Lismore areas last month . Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki pictured said USs popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase . He added that there did not appear to have been an increase in gun related crime that related to the increase in licences. Each request must include a genuine reason proved through supporting evidence with each reason in turn holding restrictions on the type of gun that can be owned. Sport recreational hunting rural occupation firearms collection and animal welfare are all listed as genuine reasons.
West Ham are discussing a deal for Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford after he impressed on trial. The skilful 17yearold forward from Montego Bay United was invited to train with West Hams academy earlier this month and has impressed coaches after spending two weeks with the club. Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium. Beckford who has been linked with a host of European clubs is said to be one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the Caribbean. Meanwhile West Ham have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as 289. The Hammers will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the Barclays Premier League in a bid to fill the 54000 capacity stadium when they make the switch for the 201617 season.
The body of Kyle Knox has been found near the foot of Ben Nevis three weeks after he disappeared . The body of a missing hiker has been found three weeks after he vanished trying to climb Britains highest mountain. Kyle Knox from London was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31. The 23yearold was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William. The mercury had plunged to minus seven and winds of up to 70mph were recorded in the region. There was also snow on the mountains peak.
Water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy as 11yearold Luke Shambrook is fascinated by water but can not swim. Luke has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree Celsius on Saturday night. However he may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide according to his family. He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday. Campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing dog squad local police and SES volunteers in the search of thick bushland. Scroll down for video . Hes a lovely young kid Mr Battin told AAP on Sunday. Weve also got people walking the banks of the lake. He was last seen wearing a black windcheater black tshirt grey trackpants grey boots and a scarf.
Damning footage has revealed the moment a Florida police officer shouted Get on the f ground or youre dead moments before he shot a mentally ill man as he was running away. The family of Lavall Hall released the shocking video which calls into question the Miami Gardens police departments account of the incident on February 15. The clip captured from the police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25yearold schizophrenic who was black on February 15. Hall who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder had been released from a mental hospital just one week earlier and was suffering from a psychotic episode when his mother Catherine Daniels called police to take him to a mental health unit reports Fusion. Halls family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court in Miami against the city of Miami Gardens and the two police officers Peter Ehrlich and Eddo Trimino. Ms Daniels said at a news conference yesterday I never thought they were going to kill my child murder my child adding she was devastated when she first saw the video. And I told him Baby come back inside its cold.
Mobile phones and tablet computers are becoming dangerous distractions for parents who are supposed to be supervising their children researchers claim. A study found youngsters were more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them were distracted  with texting or talking on the phone a common cause. Researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York. The researchers also observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide headfirst. A neuroscientist claims that modern technology such as computer tablets and mobile phones could be changing the way our brains work . She said One vital fact I have learnt is that the brain is not the unchanging organ that we might imagine. But in the last century development of new technologies has increased dramatically. This gamesdriven generation interpret the world through screenshaped eyes. Its almost as if something hasnt really happened until its been posted on Facebook Bebo or YouTube. Electronic devices and pharmaceutical drugs all have an impact on the micro cellular structure and complex biochemistry of our brains.
Nine council workers have been sacked for inappropriately accessing confidential social work files on tragic toddler Mikaeel Kular. The threeyearold was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya who beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days before hiding his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods. She then told police the boy had wandered off sparking a huge manhunt before eventually leading officers to the body near Kirkcaldy in Fife in January last year. Scroll down for video . It has now been revealed at least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and subsequently dismissed after looking at documents relating to the highprofile case without permission. Investigations found her internet history included searches I find it hard to love my son I love all of my children except one why am I so aggressive with my son and get rid of bruises. Five thousand local residents signed a petition protesting against the failure of prosecutors to pursue a murder charge against her. Police Scotland said they would not be taking the matter further.
Rape Edwin Jock Mee is accused of attacking several Army cadets while working as a recruitment sergeant . She said He was like someone I could really lean on because going for some interviews with him he would ask me everything about my personal life everything because he said that is the procedure they need to do. Jurors heard that Mee repeatedly asked the teenager if she wanted to have sex with him  she initially ignored him but later explicitly told him she did not want to do. He told me he can help me. Dressed in his Army uniform Mee allegedly spoke to the woman about her selection procedure and the fact her passport was with the Home Office before leaving her waiting alone again. Mee who now lives in Scotland denies 17 counts of sexual assault three rapes and one count of assault by penetration. LOL. The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda . Russia has key interests in . in a television interview. appeared to soften his antiAmerican rhetoric after being highly . critical. Relations between Moscow and Washington and other . Western powers have soured over the conflict in Russias . neighbor Ukraine sinking to an alltime low. We have disagreements on several issues on the . international agenda. that unites us that forces us to work together Putin said. I mean general efforts directed at making the world economy . is more democratic. which Russia says was the result of a Westernbacked coup against Ukraines former leader Viktor Yanukovich. been killed since last April. dominate world affairs saying it wanted not allies but . vassals.
Cristiano Ronaldo looked in formidable form as he showed off his array of skills ahead of Real Madrids Champions League quarterfinal against city rivals Atletico. The World Player of the Year pulled off a selection of backheels and fancy flicks during Mondays training session wowing forward partner Karim Benzema and sending Luka Modric to the floor. Real looked in good spirits after a successful weekend during which they cut the gap to La Liga leaders Barcelona to just two points and the European Champions were further boosted by the return from injury of Wales winger Gareth Bale. Cristiano Ronaldo pulls a face at Brazilian left back Marcelo during Real Madrid training on Monday morning . Ronaldo nonchalantly controls the ball with his heel as Karim Benzema looks on impressed . We will fight until the end because thats just what we did to win La Decima. The two Madrid sides have already met six times this season with Real yet to record a victory losing both league matches and twice being defeated on aggregate in cup competitions. James Rodriguez and Pepe are put through their paces as Real prepared for Tuesdays crucial showdown .
A teacher has been banned from the classroom after he let pupils change their exam answers invalidating his whole schools SATs results. Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11yearolds which assess English maths and science at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewskesbury Gloucestershire. This was despite the exam session finishing a conduct panel heard. After the suspected breach of exam rules school officials were tipped off resulting in an investigation being launched in June. The probe by the local education authority found that some pupils taking a test had changed answers outside exam conditions and that Guffick had done the same. Panel chair Martin Pilkington said although the teachers conduct had been dishonest it fell short of fraud or serious dishonesty. Mr Gufficks actions were deliberate and he was not acting under duress.
As Zlatan Ibrahimovic famously believes the World Cup is nothing to watch without him hes unlikely to be quaking in his boots about facing Lionel Messi in the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. For most people Barcelonas progress into the Champions League semifinal looks a formality given they beat Paris SaintGermain 31 in the first leg in France. The only man bound to disagree is the one who modestly called his autobiography I am Zlatan. Ibrahimovic and his PSG teammates including David Luiz pictured face Barcelona on Tuesday night . The Sweden international was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against Chelsea . When asked to name a dream team of teammates hed played with he named himself up front with Messi  ahead of Thierry Henry and Alessandro del Piero. Football isnt something you plan in advance. It just happens he says. They agreed to pay him 200000aweek even though Frances 75 per cent top tax rate meant their total bill would be close to 50million a year. Not that Ibrahimovic is that overly grateful. Despite domestic dominance Champions League glory has remained elusive so far. Against Barcelona Ibra will have special motivation.
Jameela spent 3000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings . Jameela Jamil has the dazzling smile that youd expect of a television presenter and former model. My head felt heavy and I was permanently exhausted. Occasionally I would even faint. In fact the tests suggested she had high levels of mercury. In 27 years as a haematologist I have never been asked to test for mercury he says.
A paramedic who pretended he was gay to get close to women before sexually assaulting them has been struck off the medical register. Christopher Bridger 25 from Stevenage Hertfordshire attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year. The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as a serious breach of trust. A jury at Guildford Crown Court Surrey found him guilty of raping a fellow student while he was studying to be a paramedic at St Georges University Hospital in London in 2008. He had accompanied her back to her halls following a Freshers Week fancy dress party and began kissing and cuddling her despite being told to stop. His other victims were coworkers at South East Coast Ambulance Service NHS Trust where he started working in 2010. One text said It was one night of stupidity for which I will be eternally sorry. Im ashamed of myself. The panel has considered this case very carefully and cannot find any redeeming features on the part of the registrant.
Paris SaintGermain face Nice on Saturday hoping to take Ligue 1s top spot from Lyon but do so with a host of key stars missing including captain Thiago Silva who is recuperating at home from a thigh injury. Zlatan Ibrahimovic Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta all join Silva on the sidelines for the trip to the Mediterranean coast while David Luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem although he is still set to start. Silva was pictured nursing his problem at home ahead of the game with a full diagnosis yet to be completed by PSGs medical team. Game Ready as seen being used by Thiago Silva is a cold therapy compression system used to treat sports injuries. Im already in treatment to come back soon. Remember no prayer will be unanswered. A win in south east France would put the French champions a point clear of their closest rivals. It is not easy to prepare for this match Blanc said. Marseille coach Marcelo Bielsa ruled out any hopes of the title after his side lost 10 away at Nantes on Friday . We could have won but we played negatively and without fluency.
CNNYou know the phrase dodging a bullet? Forget about it. Probably not going to happen anymore. The U.S. military said this week it has made great progress in its effort to develop a selfsteering bullet. In February the smart bullets  .50caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors  passed their most successful round of livefire tests to date according to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency or DARPA. In the tests an experienced marksman repeatedly hit moving and evading targets a DARPA statement said. The system has been developed by DARPAs Extreme Accuracy Tasked Ordnance program known as EXACTO. Fitting EXACTOs guidance capabilities into a small .50caliber size is a major breakthrough and opens the door to what could be possible in future guided projectiles across all calibers Dunn said. Only these bullets are traveling at hundreds of miles per hour. And even the Road Runner cant run that fast.
A motheroftwo lost more than ten stone after she became concerned that her size was causing her to look like a man. Kim Callaghan 39 piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children reaching a worrying 20st 3lb. Kims weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight. Kim who lives in Ardee County Louth Ireland says she turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape. I only wore baggy trousers and flappy shirts when I was fat  I was trying to cover up my body because I was embarrassed. I stopped looking like a woman. Now Ive slimmed down and I feel confident enough to wear dresses again. When I got home that night I found a Slimming World leaflet had been posted through my door. They were all very supportive and amazed at what I had done. In a bid to make a dramatic change she swapped greasy fried foods for healthy meals cooked from scratch. I have a new life now. Breakfast Nothing . Snacks Crisps . Lunch Scrambled eggs with ham and mushrooms . Dinner Chicken stirfry .
Thousands of holidaymakers face up to three days of chaos and cancelled flights because of a strike by French air traffic controllers. EasyJet and BA are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights thanks to the walkout which will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours  with considerable knockon disruption expected. Experts fear up to half of all flights between the UK and France could be axed depending on how strongly the strike holds. A spokesman said EasyJet has been advised of planned industrial strike action by French air traffic control services on April 8 and government transport workers on April 9. Like all airlines flying to and from France we expect significant impact to our flights during this period including cancellations. We are sorry for any disruption to customers travel plans. Rregional subsidiary HOP! But they will be entitled to food drink and if necessary hotel accommodation. Ryanair said it was cancelling more than 250 flights with more likely branding the strike grossly unfair.
The records just keep tumbling for Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid. After his strike against Rayo Vallecano the Portuguese forward now has 300 goals for Los Blancos despite having played in Madrid for only six seasons amassing 288 appearances. 323  Raul . 308  Alfredo di Stefano . 289  Carlos Santillana . 242  Ferenc Puskas . Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot 52 with his left even managing 41 with his head. 10 Dixie Dean Everton 192537 383 . Impressed? 9 Willy van der Kuijlen PSV 196481 394 . 8 Lionel Messi Barcelona 2004present 398 . 7 Zico Flamengo 197183 and 198589 401 . Eusebio helped Benfica to 11 league titles and seven more domestic trophies as well as four European Cup finals. 5 Uwe Seeler Hamburg 195372 507 . 3 Josef Bican Slavia Prague 193748 534 . 2 Gerd Muller Bayern Munich 196479 573 . 1 Pele Santos 195674 1088 . Is he the best player of alltime too? ARSENAL . CHELSEA . 178  Eric Brook 192839 166  Tommy Johnson 192030 153  Colin Bell 19661979 MANCHESTER UNITED . NEWCASTLE . TOTTENHAM . 266  Jimmy Greaves 196170 208  Bobby Smith 195564 174  Martin Chivers 196876 WEST HAM .
Reigning champion Novak Djokovic dug deep to avoid a shock exit at the hands of Alexandr Dolgopolov before powering into the quarterfinals of the Miami Open. The unseeded Dolgopolov  ranked 65th in the world 64 places behind Djokovic  surprised the Serbian by winning a firstset tiebreak and building a quick 42 lead in the second set. But Djokovic steeled himself and rallied to force a decider which he wrapped up without much resistance from his deflated Ukrainian opponent. Also through to the quarters are British number one Andy Murray and fourth seed Kei Nishikori. The Scot racked up a 500th career win by edging out Kevin Anderson 64 36 63 to book a meeting with Austrian Dominic Thiem a 76 75 46 75 victor against Adrian Mannarino. Simon is grounded after a fall during his defeat to Ferrer who faces Novak Djokovic next . Czech challenger Tomas Berdych reached his sixth quarterfinal of the season by beating Gael Monfils 63 32. In the womens competition Carla Suarez Navarro lost the first set 60 but hit back to see off Venus Williams 06 61 75 and reach the semifinals.
The stage was set for the coronation of King Jimmy on Tuesday but West Indies stubbornly refused to hurry him to his throne. The perfect script for this first Test saw Anderson taking the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in Englands history in his 100th game with record holder Sir Ian Botham here and waiting to crown his successor. But West Indies made Anderson wait on an attritional day that was in sharp contrast to the excitement provided by the first of this crucial series. When Anderson watched by his wife two daughters and parents strode out to bat England had lost five wickets for 20 runs and were in danger of wasting the initiative handed to them largely by Ian Bells century. When the pair were separated after a lastwicket stand of 38 England had moved to within a run of the score of 400 that should have been their minimum target when they were well placed on 341 for four on the first evening. Only it was not quite as simple as that. Chris Jordan celebrates after dismissing Darren Bravo who edged behind to Buttler for 10 . We are all still waiting.
Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam was left with mixed emotions after scoring the best goal of his career only to end up a loser at Stamford Bridge. Adam netted one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history as he lobbed Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of halftime. That levelled the scores up at 11 but Adams wonder strike would end up counting for nothing as Chelsea snatched a secondhalf winner to leave Stoke nursing a third successive league loss. On an individual level its great but on a team performance it was ok and theres a lot that we can improve on for next week. West Ham are currently ninth in the standings one spot ahead of Stoke but both teams have 42 points. Adam added Its going to be a tough game. Theyre in and around us as well.
This is the moment a clumsy baby elephant took a tumble as he rushed to catch up with his mother as she crossed a road. The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa. When the pair came across a dirt track road the adult strolled on ahead confidently. Careful! Eventually he fell over and landed  trunk first  down in the mud. Luckily the young elephant did not appear to hurt anything but his pride and was quickly back on his feet. Noticing her clumsy calfs fall the mother elephant who was carrying a huge tree branch in her trunk had halted her onward march .
Actress Jemima Kirke has revealed details about her experience with abortion admitting that she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure. The 29yearold actress made the admission in a newlyreleased PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom in the hopes that her story will help to encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic. In 2007 I became pregnant with my boyfriend at the time she says in the video which appears on the website for the centers Draw the Line campaign. My life just wasnt conducive to raising a happy healthy child. I just didnt think it was fair. So I decided to get an abortion and I went to Planned Parenthood. Scroll down for video . We do have free choice we are able to do whatever we want but then there are these little hoops we have to jump through to get them. I would love if when theyre older in their teens or their twenties that the political issues surrounding their bodies were not there anymore she said.
A pensioner was killed after being run over by her sisters car in a Tesco car park an inquest has heard. Molly Wood 74 died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and lurched forward trapping her under the wheels. The pensioners sister 70 who was about to buy a pay and display ticket was also injured in the incident. Emergency services including an air ambulance were called but she died at the scene outside the Tesco store in Pontefract West Yorkshire on March 25. Its not clear whether Mrs Woods sister sat in the vehicle or leaned in but it was at that point that the vehicle rolled forward hitting Mrs Wood causing her to be trapped under the vehicle. He said a provisional postmortem examination showed Mrs Wood of Knottingley West Yorkshire died of multiple injuries.
A Vodafone customer has slammed the network provider after she was bombarded with flirty texts from one of the firms call centre workers. Adele Berry of Reddish Greater Manchester spoke to the call handler when she contacted the mobile phone company over a problem with her bill. But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her calling himself her future hubby and asking about his in laws. Scroll down for video . He also sent her a picture of himself in one message and told her Wow I knew you beautiful but damn you are super beautiful. After asking how his inlaws were he said Im hope Im not being too how can I say forward. She told the Manchester Evening News It is quite scary it is quite distressing. He wont leave me alone. A spokesman said We take allegations of this kind extremely seriously. We have spoken to Ms Berry and the adviser concerned has been suspended pending a full investigation.
Ordinary British tennis fans face a Wimbledontype scramble for Davis Cup quarterfinal tickets this summer and are likely to end up with less than half the overall allocation. There will be a capacity of 7000 for Julys match against France at Londons Queens Club but well under 3000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last months first round. The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies with a considerable percentage going to wellheeled Queens members as part of the deal to play the tie there. Andy Murray enjoys a spot of Champions League action alongside his friend Ross Hutchins at the Nou Camp . That very much narrowed down the choice of venues for the tie that begins just five days after Wimbledon. Murray is currently practicing in Spain before beginning his clay court campaign later this year . We have obligations to certain groups within the tennis family said an LTA spokesman. France have seven singles players in the worlds top 50 with their best grass court player Jo Wilfried Tsonga having just recovered from injury.
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is Englands first choice rightback by Roy Hodgson. And the Southampton defender who is being tracked by Manchester United and Chelsea has fuelled talk that he could quit St Marys this summer by insisting he wants to play Champions League football. Clynes excellent displays for the Saints have thrust him into the forefront of Hodgsons plans. Clyne joined Carlton Cole left to speak at at a Football Fighting Ebola event in London . He has started Englands previous four matches  including the Euro 2016 qualifiers against Slovenia and Lithuania. Its like you have been playing international football for a long time. Ive settled in well with the England squad. Im definitely ambitious. Hopefully we can get there. That would be great. Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha poses with a WWE title belt during the event on Monday night .
At least 34 people were arrested after hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality. The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police. Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina. The protesters marched from Manhattans Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic. Scroll down for video . Stephen Davis the Police Departments chief spokesman said 34 people had been arrested by early evening . Organizers say Tuesdays protest was one of 28 being held across the country . Mayor Bill de Blasio released a statement condemning the violence  he said it was unacceptable and will absolutely not be tolerated. Last year two officers were assaulted on the bridge during a protest over Garners chokehold death.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny had more than one reason to celebrate on Saturday. Just hours after he had played the full 120 minutes it took for the Gunners to grind out a 21 win in extratime over Reading in a tense FA Cup semifinal Szczesny was treated to a lovely birthday surprise courtesy of his singersongwriter girlfriend Mariana Luczenko. The Poland international now 25 was joined at his home by family and friends as well as one of his favourite rock bands Lemon who delivered a private performance. Wojciech Szczesny is all smiles as he and girlfriend Mariana Luczenko enjoy a drink in their garden . Best birthday ever! Arsenals triumph over Reading sees them reach the FA Cup final for the second consecutive season having also won the competition last year against Hull City. Although he has racked up nearly 200 appearances for the north London outfit since then this season has raised question marks over Szczesnys longterm future. Factor in the form of fellow goalkeeper David Ospina who inherited Szczesnys role in the league and there is a cloud of uncertainty around the Polish stopper.
A couple from Louisville Kentucky shared the tragic story of how they accidentally killed their 18monthold son on Thursday. Brian Bayers tearfully told WAVE how he was preparing to take his son back to daycare on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. Scroll down for video . Crushed Jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front wheels back around he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle . I never saw him at any point in time. I just kept saying Why?she added. Learned a lesson If we can save one childs life by this and prevent one family from the kind of devastation that we have faced that will be his legacy Brian said .
Ahead of golfs first major of the year where all talk is of whether Rory McIlroy can complete a career grand slam or how Tiger Woods latest comeback will fare Sportsmails Derek Lawrenson will bring daily updates from behind the scenes at Augusta. World No 1 Rory McIlroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at Augusta . VINTAGE POULTS! You gotta love Ian Poulter. Even after all these years the Englishman could barely contain his excitement at driving down Magnolia Lane for the Masters. Only one problem. As he got out of the car he realised hed left one rather important item back at his rental home. His golf clubs. CAN FLUHIT HENRIK FLY? So who among the lame sick and wounded currently playing down their chances is going to confound his own expectations this week? Has Tiger Woods finally learned to look up and smell the azaleas? Gene Sarazen played the most impressive shot in the tournaments history with an albatross on the 15th . WAITING FOR SWEET 16 . HAND IT OVER SIR . In order No cellphones.
Fourteen people were hospitalized after the entire roof of a New Jersey church came crashing down midsong during an afternoon Easter Sunday service. Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed fire department battalion chief Daryl Rutter told Daily Mail Online. Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but nonlife threatening head injury. An emotional father holds his sevenmonthold daughter after escaping the collapse which sent 14 people to the hospital. Rutter said churchgoers suffered face and head injuries as well as cuts bruises and abrasions. The parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation which rents out the church space. A witness told CBS New York that they were in the middle of a song around 2pm when they heard a cracking sound from above. Nobody was killed he said. So maybe being on Easter Sunday we got a little help from God on this one.
Kent Sprouse was put to death by lethal injection Thursday night in Texas. Sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a Dallasarea convenience store. He died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas the nations most active death penalty state. Death row Kent Sprouse gunned down Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt 28 at a gas station outside of Dallas before also shooting dead a customer Pedro Moreno 38 in 2002 . I would like to apologize to my family for all of the trouble that I have caused them. I guess thats it. As Steinfeldt drove up he was met with gunfire and hit twice under the arm where his vest did not protect him. Medical tests showed Sprouse a Boone County Missouri native had taken illegal drugs within the previous 48 hours. Jurors rejected an insanity defense and pleas for a life prison term. I dont think its too soon or too long or whatever Love said of Sprouses scheduled lethal injection.
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly 109 million last year while the companys stock slumped. Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at 100 million. It was the largest stock package that Schmidt has received since 2011 when Google Inc. awarded him a bundle valued at 94 million at the time he relinquished the CEOs job to company cofounder Larry Page. Documents filed with regulators Thursday also disclosed that Page and the companys other founder Sergey Brin limited their 2014 pay to 1 each as has been their practice for years. The hefty raise came in a year that saw Googles stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the companys big spending on farflung projects. Analysts have also questioned whether Google will be able to maintain its dominance in Internet search as more people rely on smartphones instead of personal computers to access digital content. It does not include changes in the present value of pension benefits so the AP total can differ slightly from the total reported by company.
It is hard to believe that the mansion you see before you with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors was initially a garage and chauffeurs residence that would have been home to a Rolls Royce or two. The converted fourbedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57room mansion Homeden home to Supreme Court Justice Sir Henry Hodges and more famously the Nicholas family who found their fortune in the manufacture of the drug Aspro. Around 25 years ago the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. The blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the lightfilled property and the windows upstiars are also a Homeden original. Ada Taylor from R T Edgar Real Estate said the beautiful property is reminiscent of the Audrey Hepburn classic Sabrina. The original downstairs garage area is made up of two distinct living areas a wellequipped galley kitchen cleverly divided behind original garage doors that tuck away a fourth bedroom bathroom separate laundry and powder room. The chaffurs living quarters upstairs offers three sprawling bedrooms with open fireplaces stunning wooden floors and vaulted ceilings .
Arkansas Republican Gov. He is sending it back to lawmakers he told reporters for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act  which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians. Hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . LIKE FATHER LIKE  WHOA! Thats important. NASCAR said in a statement Tuesday that it was disappointed by Indianas legislation and would likely pile on in the Razorback State.
Vladimir Putin is planning to exploit the threat of nuclear war to force Nato out of countries bordering Russia it has been claimed. A secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war and will take any necessary step  including using nuclear weapons  to retain control of the region. Notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that Putin is planning imminent destabilising actions in proWestern Baltic states in a direct challenge to Natos promise to defend the countries from Sovietstyle Russian expansionism. These disturbances are thought to likely involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in Estonia Latvia and Lithuania intended to unsettle the region. The Russian people would demand a forceful response to such advances the Kremlin intelligence chiefs reportedly added. Ready for conflict Soldiers take part on in action training near the eastern city of Mariupol in Ukraine . The design bureau of the Russian Defence Ministry headed by Leonid Alexeev showcased balaclavas shiny military boots sweat pants and tops emblazoned with the slogans Army Polite and Politeness conquests the cities.
Its the picture some England cricket fans have been waiting to see and others have been equally dreading Kevin Pietersen back at Surrey. The 34yearold returned to nets on Monday for the first time since resigning for the county last month. He arrived early for the session at The Oval  tweeting a picture of the pitch with the caption In the office today. Oval  before teammates such as Gareth Batty and Jade Dernbach followed him in. Pietersen managed a wry smile as he drove away after training on Monday afternoon . Pietersen was later pictured leaving the ground just before 2pm and is expected to stepup his county rehabilitation with a threeday warmup against Oxford MCCU on April 12. Asked at Gatwick about Pietersens situation Moores said From my point of view Kevin isnt on the radar.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people left 215000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding but hasnt appeared to deter surfers chasing the perfect wave. As the light was fading on Monday three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadmans Point in Manly Sydney. On Tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres according to the Manly Hydraulics Laboratory but this one later in the day appears even larger. You can just see someone on the shoulder of this monster. Scroll down for video . Maitland Vale Road at Lambs Valley in the Hunter region taken by a local named Cherie was ripped up from the ground . A ute submerged in floodwaters at Stroud a small country town one hour north of Newcastle in New South Wales . Bondis famous beach was forced to close after high winds blew large amounts of sand onto nearby roads and promenades. Cessnock Captain Brett Plumb his crew and crews from Dungog and Minmi assessing the damage in Dungog where four houses have been washed away . He told the ABC The weather system did change very rapidly.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap. After four separate requests to speak to a manager the customer finally got the employees attention. The customer then asked for a refund but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer. Just wait. Are you serious? No Im fake the employee snapped back. The footage first posted on Live Leak claims to have been taken on Tuesday at a branch in Lake Charles. And youre rude. You wanna get slapped? Take my picture the employee told her repeatedly. Go! Bye! I dont give a f. She trippin. Ill do whatever I can. This is assault.
Tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in Rio de Janeiro Brazil where Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held during next years Games. Over the past week thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of Rodrigo de Freitas lake but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause. More than 37 tons of fish have been collected according to Rios waste management company but there is still an overwhelming stench sparking complaints from neighbours and passersby. Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish a small silvery species called twaite shad off the waters surface until the the mass dying subsides. They are being taken to the citys main dump. Rios environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature. Estefan Monteiro da Fonseca an oceanographer at Fluminense Federal University said the official explanation makes no sense. Picturesque? He said The lake continues receiving large quantities of sewage. Natural causes?
Australian broadcaster SBS has sacked its football reporter Scott McIntyre over his inappropriate and disrespectful ANZAC day tweets. McIntyre condemned the commemoration of ANZAC Day on Twitter yesterday calling it the cultification of an imperialist invasion and accusing Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included widespread rape and theft. In a joint statement SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport Ken Shipp said McIntyres highly inappropriate and disrespectful comments have caused his onair position at SBS to become untenable. Mr McIntyres actions have breached the SBS Code of Conduct and social media policy and as a result SBS has taken decisive action to terminate Mr McIntyres position at SBS with immediate effect. Scroll down for video . McIntyre referred to the Anzacs landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey . Wonder if the poorlyread largely white nationalist drinkers and gamblers pause today to consider the horror that all mankind suffered. McIntyres comments were met with disgust by Twitter users . Unaustralian anti Anzac disgrace! The ANZACS died defending what this idiot is abusing  free speech tweeted another social media user.
A widow who was left 15million by a highrolling gambler has launched a multimillion pound lawsuit against his family  claiming she is owed up to 385million more. Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least 400million when he died and the 15million left to her was an absurd presentation of his true wealth. The former beauty queen has launched a High Court claim against his relatives in which she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family. Scroll down for video . Daughters Mrs Dellal is suing six of her husbands children including Gabrielle left and Jasmine right . His grandson Alex and elderly sister Violet were also named. He said It goes like this. There are no other candidates. She owns an 8.5million mansion in Regents Park central London a 3million townhouse in Mayfair the couples 5million home in Hampshire a 1.1million house in Cape Town in South Africa cars jewellery and art worth almost 6million and has investments in the Middle East worth 26.5million.
A father and son were shot dead in an executionstyle murder moments after party guests left their home in a quiet neighborhood. Nicholas Pence 25 and his father David an oil company manager had been celebrating a victorious football game in their garage in New Orleans Louisiana on Wednesday. They were found by Davids wife Nicholass mother who had been in a bedroom when she heard gun shots. Scroll down for video . Police believe it was a botched burglary . Neither have a significant criminal history officers revealed. The police investigation has failed to determine at link between the alleged assailants and their victims or a motive. Elizabeth Pence dialed 911 to report the shooting and the theft of her purse iPod and iPhone. The family lived on Clifford Drive a leafy part of Metairie which is one of New Orleans wealthier areas . Addressing a press conference on Sunday Jefferson Parish Sheriff Newell Normand said Once again this particular happenstance was completely totally shocktheconscience type of homicide  obviously executionstyle very close. They got along with everybody. I cant comprehend how someone could do this to a family like that. She choked up. There were just no words.
This eighteenmonthold boy pulled a ricecooker brimming with boiling water down on his head burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind. Turia Pitt witnessed the operation . Sengs sight was saved by keen doctor volunteers from Interplast. Her remarkable recovery is a caseinpoint. Few would have thought she would be more athletic now than she was before she was seared with burns while running the Kimberley ultramarathon threeandahalfyears ago. I think its part of being human. STRENGTH 2 personal training sessions per week involving conditioning exercises including boxjumps and squats . Maybe Ive got something to prove.... Her partner Michael Hoskin left pictured during a hike recently has been Turias most steadfast supporter throughout the entire ordeal . She will also provide an update on how Seng is progressing . There were terrible moments when I just wanted to give up she said. Every time someone looks at you you going to think theyre thinking my arse looks big. Im not looking for people who are looking at me.
Inter Milan are set to turn to Lucas Leiva and Alex Song if their pursuit of Manchester City pair Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure fails. Roberto Mancini has Liverpool midfielder Leiva and Barcelonas Song currently on loan at West Ham on his list of alternatives if Jovetic and Toure prove too costly. Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio told Sky Italia Dreams are beautiful Im trying to prepare something and I hope my dreams come true. In the past there was something especially last summer. We had gone quite a bit forward in the negotiations we were hoping to conclude the deal but then Negredo became injured and Manchester City changed their minds. He is a very talented player but the English club buys very often but seldom sells. Jovetic looks likely to leave the Etihad this summer after being omitted from the clubs Champions League squad earlier this season to make room for January signing Wilfried Bony. Would Inter be his first choice? Thats certain.
The devastated parents of a nursing student whose body was found on a farm north of Glasgow have joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil. Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend sparking a fourday police search which yesterday found her body at High Craigton Farm. A man believed to be 21yearold Alexander Pacteau has been arrested in connection with Miss Buckleys death. He made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today. Scroll down for video . Their son Kieran is pictured left . A piper played as mourners laid flowers and others sang Scottish and Irish songs before a minutes silence was held. Were trying to make something beautiful from that horrible horrible grief. Theres a great number of people here tonight who Im sure feel the same and we just want to rally round the Buckley family. Two women wipe away tears as they take part in the memorial. She could never do enough to help you. Its sad. Karen was our only daughter cherished by her family and loved by her friends. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Its not uncommon for parents to want their children to follow in their footsteps  even if its limited to just shared interests. But it seems that some are setting their kids on the chosen path earlier than expected. Especially these mothers and fathers who have projected their geeky interests onto their slumbering newborns in a series of adorable photographs. Art and photography community BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their true nerdy colours by dressing their babies up as scifi characters like Princess Leia from Star Wars . Another baby is dressed up as widelyrecognisable Nintendo character Mario complete with tiny dungarees the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache . One sleeping newborn is sporting a completely knitted Wonder Woman costume . A few of the images have even been subject to careful doctoring via Photoshop in order to make the scenarios more realistic. Spidermans a popular choice! Another baby is pictured alongside toy replicas of his superhero comrades . One baby has been incorporated into a complicated Harry Potter scenario complete with roundframed glasses suitcases for Hogwarts and a magic wand .
CNNThe California Public Utilities Commission on Thursday said it is ordering Pacific Gas  Electric Co. to pay a record 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in San Bruno in September 2010. Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety. Another 50 million will go toward other remedies to enhance pipeline safety according to the commission. PGE failed to uphold the publics trust commission President Michael Picker said. Lives were lost. We must do everything we can to ensure that nothing like this happens again. The blast destroyed 37 homes. The company also said it has already replaced more than 800 miles of pipe installed new gas leak technology and implemented nine of 12 recommendations from the National Transportation Safety Board. CNNs Jason Hanna contributed to this report.
A US citizen has been killed in a mortar attack in Yemen after he traveled to the country in an attempt to extricate his pregnant wife and daughter from the civil war there and fly them to California family say. Jamal alLabani was an Oakland gas station owner his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told KPIXTV. Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudibacked President AbdRabbu Mansour Hadi. They have advanced to the city center despite 11 days of air strikes by a Saudiled coalition of mainly Gulf air forces. Scroll down for video . They are reportedly 13 and 16 years old. The airports are currently closed but may open unexpectedly other unforeseen opportunities to depart may also suddenly arise. Aden is going through a humanitarian and health crisis Abdul Kareem said. The tribal fighters entered Mukalla on Saturday pledging to restore security after the militants broke into its jail on Thursday freed a local al Qaeda leader ransacked banks and took over local government buildings. Turkey said it evacuated 230 people including nonTurkish citizens by plane from Sanaa.
Ian Murray reckons a supposedly easier runin can swing second place Hibs way ahead of Rangers in the last month of the Championship season. His Dumbarton side have faced both of his former teams in the league this term and will do so once again in the final weeks of the campaign. But while Stuart McCalls men have the momentum at present  beating Hibs and Cowdenbeath while Alan Stubbs men also lost to Raith  Murray wouldnt be surprised to see the balance of power swing back towards Easter Road before long. Rangers  currently level on points but having played a game less  still have two matches to play against title winners Hearts including Sundays match at Ibrox while the Leith side take on their city rivals just once more. Although theyve been pegged back since I still think Hibs are slightly ahead. Rangers attacking midfielder Haris Vuckic on loan from Newcastle scores against Cowdenbeath at Irbox . But it wont be a case of us not turning up. We want to get as big a gap as we can between ourselves and the relegation places.
A 1200lbman forced to move from his financiallytroubled nursing home was hoisted from the building by a crane and driven to his new residence on a flatbed truck. Robert Butler 43 was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston. He was accompanied by his medical team. The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments Lifespan the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast. Scroll down for video . In this 2009 image he weighed 900lbs. He has since gained another 300lbs . According to Target 12 the complex operation began with firefighters widening the door of Butlers room then building a special ramp to move Mr Butler on to a deck. Mr Raia said the new facility is better equipped to help Butler.
Paul Smith having bravely lost his two challenges to Arthur Abraham in Germany now finds himself in pole position for a third successive joust against a reigning world supermiddleweight champion. Only this time the elder of Liverpools fine family of four fighting brothers will not be boxing for a title even though it is against a far more formidable champion. Andre Ward still ranked by many among the top five poundforpound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring sees Smith as the ideal warmup opponent possibly before a rematch with Carl Froch. Paul Smith right throws a punch towards Arthur Abraham during their title fight in Berlin in February . Andre Ward left poses with his many title belts after defeating Edwin Rodriguez in November 2013 . Kell Brook could have had his muchcraved Battle of Britain... if Eddie Hearn had not been so disrespectful claims Amir Khans dad Shah. Read more here. Virgil Hunter Californiabased trainer of both Ward and Amir Khan says Smith is who we want and Im told its a done deal. Froch left stands alongside James DeGale before a television appearance in Liverpool last July .
The Hollywood ReporterRichard Dysart the Emmywinning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick longrunning NBC drama L.A. Law has died. He was 86. Dysart who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Millers Pulitzer Prizewinning That Championship Season died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness his wife artist Kathryn Jacobi told The Hollywood Reporter. The acclaimed L.A. Law  created by Steven Bochco who eventually handed off the series to David E. Kelley and Terry Louise Fisher  aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994. I always had him in mind for that role Bochco said in a 2002 interview with the Archive of American Television. Hes so avuncular. Somethings wrong! Dysarts range of authority figure parts ran right to the top. Survivors also include his stepson Arie and daughterinlaw Jeannine Jacobi motherinlaw Lenore brother and sisterinlaw Nadine and John Jacobi and grandchildren Abby and Levi. A private memorial is being planned. It holds up as well as any series I know. People weve lost in 2015 . All rights reserved.
And police in Iowa seem to have now answered it by issuing a warrant for the girls boyfriend according to reports. Tong Shao a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University went missing in September 2014. After a three week search police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry in Iowa City. They had checked into a hotel room together on September 5 2014. Tong was complaining about Li to a friend and said things that were not nice the records noted. He landed September 10. An autopsy showed Tong died of asphyxiation and blunt force trauma. Scene Investigators had to don Hazmat suits to inspect Tongs car. While the U.S. has strong ties with China there is no extradition treaty between the two. Legal experts say the most likely outcome is that China would prosecute people within China for crimes committed elsewhere.
CNNA photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country. His tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on Saturday April 25 killing more than 5000 people and injuring at least twice as many more. His name is Sonit Awal and hes just four months old. On Saturday Sonit was at home in Muldhoka Bhaktapur east of the capital Kathmandu when the 7.8magnitude quake sent tremors through Nepal and neighboring countries according to Kathmandu Today. A desperate Awal called the Nepalese Army and they too scrambled through the dirt and debris until midnight before giving up hope and leaving. Sonits father had lost all hope of finding his son alive the paper reported until he heard faint cries from below. His rescuers held him high in their hands to the sun though his eyes were still wedged tightly shut.
Matthew Kenney smoked Flakka and then ran naked . A Florida man who was high on a designer drug called Flakka stripped and ran naked through traffic in Fort Lauderdale to escape from imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him. Matthew Kenney 34 told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers. Flakka which can be injected snorted smoked swallowed or taken with other substances has been nicknamed 5 insanity for its mindbending effects and cheap cost. After he was arrested Kenney told police he would rather die than be caught by these unknown people the Sun Sentinel reported. That is the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts. Scroll down for video . Once ingested the drug causes a feeling of euphoria hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or even superhuman strength. There were more than 670 Flakka occurrences in Florida in 2014 up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 according to the Drug Enforcement Administration.
A dramatic video has emerged showing the moment a group of men riding on top of a van were sent flying as it swerved around a corner. About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of Salé Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed. Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van which is understood to have been transporting football fans. Scroll down for video . Losing control Video captured by a following motorist shows the van veering across two lanes while travelling at speed . Seconds later it can be seen crashing down on to its side sending the men on the roof rack flying.
A South Australian law professor has said that police acted outrageously by subjecting a woman to an oral swab test after she was reported for flashing her breasts. Karen Davis from Port Pirie in South Australia notoriously flashed her Kcup breasts on Google Street View and was reported by police with disorderly behaviour. She handed herself into police voluntarily. I think its outrageous but I know young juvenile offenders who have been questioned over certain things who have had the same thing happen to them he said. Recently in Port Pirie we arrested a man for exposing himself in public  this incident is no different. Our community should be able to expect a bit of decency. The mother says she is happy the picture appeared online and thought it was funny . Ms Davis criticised flattittie chicks and claimed they needed to focus on their own bodies . Oh goodness. Cant even begin to imagine how her children are feeling another user said. if more lovely ladies would get them out more often the world would be a much happier place one commenter said. When you point your finger at me you have 4 pointing back at yourself.
She might have the physical attributes of a woman but Jennifer Pagonis was in fact born intersex meaning she is genetically male and has the reproductive organs to match. The 29yearold from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome AIS a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body. Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didnt learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class. The brunette  who currently works for a nonprofit addressing the legal rights of intersex individuals  immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed. Scroll down for video . I was like Oh. My. God! Take them home and love them ... just the way they are. But sometimes we get that gender assignment wrong. How many male traits people have differ in incomplete AIS. At puberty female sex characteristics  such as breasts  develop. Tests used to diagnose this condition may include blood work genetic testing or a pelvic ultrasound. SOURCE MedLinePlus .
Johannesburg CNNSouth African troops deployed Tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly antiimmigrant violence. Their first target the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday. South African police raided a Jeppestown hostel Tuesday while troops secured the perimeter. Earlier Defense Minister Nosiviwe MapisaNqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks against immigrants. This intervention is not an indictment on the police. Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants many from South Africas neighbors. Xenophobic killing caught by photographer . Similar violence happened late last week in Johannesburg where immigrantowned shops were looted or destroyed. The United Nations said the attacks began in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers. CNNs Jason Hanna reported and wrote from Atlanta.
Veteran Burnley defender Michael Duff believes manager Sean Dyche could one day take charge of England. Dyche 43 has a growing reputation having overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since arriving at Turf Moor in October 2012. The former Chesterfield defender made a nonsense of the relegation favourites tag to lead the Clarets to an unlikely promotion from the Championship to the top flight last season. The 37yearold has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of United . This term they are attempting to defy the odds again and with eight games remaining they have a fighting chance of survival in the Barclays Premier League. Duff 37 said He has been first class. Hopefully he will stay here a bit longer and Burnley will achieve some more with him. If he can do that at a higher level why not? I still love getting up for training in the morning. Its not a bad job running around chasing after a football. But you look at the game differently when you get to my age.
CNNCall it a little piece of heaven for a family torn apart by tragedy. Back in July Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were just about to become parents. Sharry was eight months pregnant. But then Smith fell and hit his head. He was taken to the OU Medical Center in Oklahoma City. Smith never recovered. I lost my best friend. Their son Taos arrived a few weeks later. Lanes not physically here with us of course but that picture represents to us that he is always watching over us and he will always be there for us no matter what Sharry said. The family photo has become a social media sensation after appearing on the photographers Facebook page this week. Its like amazing and apparently everyone else thinks it is too.
A former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone has lost nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink. In December 2013 the bank teller decided to ditch the booze give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym. Since then Mr Forrest who had a holiday planned with his mates and didnt want to look like a beached whale next to them has lost 10.5 stone. Before shedding the pounds Mr Forrest ate a cheese and sausage bap for breakfast a Big Daddy Box Meal from KFC for lunch and a meat feast pizza for dinner. Dale pictured sitting down said he would consume beer alcopops and shots regularly on nights out . All my friends were in really great shape. They got a lot of attention from girls and I got none which was a bit depressing. I started with some weights and then did 15 minutes on the crosstrainer. After I finished I felt I had achieved something although it wasnt as hard as I thought it would be. I still go out now but Ive changed my drinking habits.
The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4000 jobs from the 24196 requests still to be completed. SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills says the organisation is concerned that more storms will these hamper cleanup efforts. Scroll down for video . Meteorologists say early indicators show an east coast low  the same weather system that lashed the states east coast for three days last week  could hit again bringing heavy rain from Thursday through to Saturday . Thats our focus  the Hunter region  because theyve been smashed she said. We are urging the community to prepare themselves prepare their homes and prepare their families to prevent further loss and devastation. This picture has shows Western Sydney blanketed by floodwaters and hail on Saturday . Flooding in Maitland. MONDAY . Gosford  Max 20 degrees mostly sunny . TUESDAY . WEDNESDAY . Wollongong  Min 13 to max 18 degrees shower or two . FRIDAY . Newcastle  Min 15 to max 22 degrees showers easing .
The highachieving high schoolers have each been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools Brown University Columbia University Cornell University Dartmouth College Harvard University University of Pennsylvania Princeton University and Yale University. While they all grew up in different cities the students are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America  from Bulgaria Somalia or Nigeria. And all four  Munira Khalif from Minnesota Stefan Stoykov from Indiana Victor Agbafe from North Carolina and Harold Ekeh from New York  say they have their parents hard work to thank. Shes pretty remarkable. Incredible Munira pictured speaking at Malala Day at the UN hopes to study political science at college . She launched a nonprofit group Lighting the Way to make education more accessible for East African youth especially girls through scholarships libraries and improving sanitation issues. I was scared. He has yet to decide where he will go. I didnt want to get too low on myself if I didnt get in. For God to crown his effort with success is just something that is just beyond me his mother Dorothy AgbafeMosley said. But then it also makes it difficult because its a lot of good schools.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a wker on national television. Hughes and Hinch appeared on Monday nights QA panel discussing depression and alcohol following the emergence of a video featuring Prime Minister Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a pub. Audience member Lauren Hayes asked Minister for Trade and Investment Andrew Robb if he thought Mr Abbotts display of irresponsible drinking was an act of peer pressure or an attempt to become more popular with younger voters. Scroll down for video . Without missing a beat the Australian comedian fired back Thats because youre a wker. Hughes told Kiis 101.1 radio he would not recant his comment about Hinch. I absolutely stand by it. I thought David Hughes was quite quiet last night. I wasnt offended. one supporter said. We went to the doctor together  she was a beautiful mother  obviously she helped me out. And I did stopped smoking marijuana and I stopped drinking. When I walked out of that doctors surgery I felt so much better just at having told people about it.
Sexting is not advised for politicians says Ed Miliband  and risky if you are young dodgy if you are older in the words of Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg. Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for fashion magazine Cosmopolitans website. Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded that it is OK for other adults but not for me. And Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered A bit too risky thank you very much! Mr Clegg wrote Sitting through 30 minutes of Cameron and Miliband yelling persistently at each other every Wednesday! Ms Bennett said she would be an author and Ms Morgan a solicitor. In another question the politicians had to reveal the most hurtful thing they had read about themselves. The Labour leader offered Where do I start?! Of course I dont. Tory MP Brooks Newmark is standing down this year after becoming embroiled in two sexting scandals . Disgraced Coop boss Paul Flowers was suspended from his position after he was filmed buying hard drugs including crystal meth and crack cocaine. The Mail on Sunday revealed exchanges involving Tory official Iain Corby on gay dating service Grindr .
Melbourne Australia CNNA man stands on a beach in a distant land. Waves lap his ankles. He wades through the gentle dawn light arms outstretched his head held high. He is fully dressed not a tourist but a freedom fighter. A photograph of this man beamed around the world becomes a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty. It is 2015. There is nothing intrinsically wrong with military commemoration that honors the dead. Last weekend I planted Gallipoli rosemary in my backyard part of the proceeds go to the Avenues of Honour a national project to preserve and restore Australias living memorials. Australian and New Zealand women had a unique advantage in shaping public debate the vote. General strikes halted industry as workers reacted to the food shortages unemployment and rising poverty that threatened the social accord of the Working Mans Paradise. Both conscription referendums ultimately failed. Baines was imprisoned for refusing to pay the fine she was issued for flying a red flag at Yarra Bank in 1918. Other protesters were deported. Some rights reserved.
Danniella Westbrooks cage fighting exfiancé has been arrested for allegedly assaulting and harassing her. Tom Richards 25 was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea. After being held in a cell for 11 hours the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation. It comes after Westbrook 41 made claims on social media that her younger former lover had been violent towards her posting a photograph on Twitter of her bruised hand. She was seen last month with a blackeye. Richards who is an MMA fighter has vehemently denied the allegations against him. The pair split in November last year after spending months together in California while Westbrook tried to rid herself of drugs. He is training for a fight and could do without the distraction. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
The grieving parents of a college student who was allegedly choked to death by her roommate last week have paid tribute to her. Grace Mann 20 was described as a compassionate and principled young woman who wanted the world to be a safe place. Manns parents local judge Thomas Mann and his wife Melissa remembered their daughter in a brief interview a week after she was found dead in her rented home in Fredericksburg Virginia. Scroll down for video . He was hunted down by police and has been charged with first degree murder. Charged Steven Vander Briel 30 left is accused of murdering Mann right then fleeing the home they shared . The Post reported that the two hardly knew each other and that their relationship consisted only of Mann renting a room in the same house. Students gathered in front of university buildings on a sunny Friday to recall Manns impact on her life.
In an unprecedented move Russia has cancelled the release of a Hollywood thriller set in the Stalin era  claiming it distorts history and would air as the country celebrates its victory over Nazi Germany. The film Child 44 starring Tom Hardy Vincent Cassel and Gary Oldman tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era. It is based on a novel by British writer Tom Rob Smith and was due to premiere in Russia today. Scroll down for video . Russias culture ministry said the films distributors in Russia Central Partnership had agreed to withdraw a request for a distribution licence after ministry officials viewed the film. The film shows Soviet Army officers as bloodthirsty ghouls randomly shooting people especially gays Medinsky complained. On Tuesday Kultura statefunded arts newspaper whose editor is a member of President Vladimir Putins arts council published a review of the film titled 44 shades of vileness. Last month he sacked the head of a theatre in Siberia after its radical staging of a Wagner opera including images of Jesus Christ angered some Orthodox believers.
Chelsea and Manchester City are both willing to pay the 13 million buyout clause for highlyrated Valencia leftback Jose Luis Gaya. The 19yearold Spaniard is Real Madrids first choice to fill the left side of their defence next season. But AS reports that both Chelsea and City are keen to snap Gaya up with the Manchester club the most interested as they consider him to be a suitable replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov. Jose Luis Gaya celebrates after scoring for Valencia against Espanyol in the Copa del Rey in January . Gaya right charges forward past Atletico Madrid midfielder Gabi during a league match last month . Gaya is a Spain Under 21 international though he was forced to leave the camp last week after suffering a hamstring injury. He is hopeful of being fit for Valencias crucial league clash with Villareal at the Mestalla on Sunday.
Wealth Training consultant Jay Rutland 34 with his 30yearold billionaire wife Tamara Ecclestone . The husband of billionaire heiress Tamara Ecclestone earned just 65 a week from his firm last year it was revealed today. The training consultants firm Brigante Business Developments based in Battersea southwest London is listed in company records as providing management consultancy activities. Its latest accounts for the year to July 2014 were filed to Companies House a fortnight ago showing the company  which was incorporated in July 2012  having total net assets of 3378 down from 18131 the year before. The couple who met in January 2013 and were engaged a month later celebrated Sophias first birthday last month with a farmyardthemed party that cost an estimated 70000. This included ponies a zebra a balloon house and even a magical princess. Miss Ecclestones family is worth an estimated 3billion  and the couple are said to own a 300000 Ferrari 123000 Bentley GT Continental and a 100000 Range Rover. Mr Rutlands highearning career in the City of London ended in shame in 2012 when he was banned from trading over market abuse.
Chelsea will try to add another trophy to their everexpanding cabinet when the Under 19 team take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League on Monday afternoon. Ahead of the final we bring you everything you need to know. WHO HAVE THEY BEATEN TO GET THIS FAR? But their most impressive performance came in the semifinal with Roma on Friday as a flurry of secondhalf goals from Colkett Solanke 2 and Tammy Abraham left Roma in ruins. Adi Viveash is a former defender who played for Swindon Town Walsall and Reading in the Football League during an 18year playing career. Has represented both England and Northern Ireland at Under 16 level. Izzy Brown  The captain of this side 18yearold forward Brown is already a firstteam squad member. Musonda scored a vital goal to help the Blues to the Under 21 title last season and also featured in last seasons Youth Cup win.
Instafame is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs according to leading Australian modelling agencies. While being beautiful fit and healthy is expected its all about a demand for the influencer now. Thanks to the proliferation of social media in order for modelling agencies to keep up with client demand influencer and blogger divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio. Scroll down for video . Big on Instagram Elashiry has almost 700000 followers . Our bookers were giving me feedback that clients wanted models who might be blonde beachy and had a high social media following she said. McGill says the average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10000  300000 followers. before they ask what they look like. Chic Management also started a blogger management division two years ago. If you think about it your brand can send their product straight to someones pocket rather than printing a catalogue in store and waiting for a customer go collect it. We dont need them to be serious posters just once or twice a day or one every day.
A selection of thirsty animals were captured drinking water in their own unique way  and the results are hilarious. Elad Hershkowitz a zookeeper at the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv placed a GoPro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives. The animals  ranging from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it  were recorded for a total of 30 hours. The 26yearold then cut the final footage down to four minutes. He said Capturing this footage was really special. It offers a completely unique perspective to anything Ive ever seen before. There is a massive difference in how each animal drinks. Carnivores like lions drink a lot like domesticated cats and dogs. Eventually however they got used to the cameras presence and drank freely. A herd of zebra humorously bare their teeth while gently sipping the water from their trough .
A red hot Novak Djokovic is being tipped to end Rafa Nadals stranglehold at Roland Garros in June but the Spaniard dismissed the threat as being no different to those he has faced before. The Serbian world number one has been an unstoppable force in recent weeks winning 17 matches on the bounce and becoming the first man to win the seasons first three Masters title. He comfortably beat Nadal on his beloved red clay in last weeks Monte Carlo Masters semifinals and the nature of Djokovics 63 63 mauling means plenty are backing him to complete his collection of grand slam titles this year by winning his first French Open. Rafa Nadal practices in Barcelona as he steps up his claycourt preparation ahead of the French Open . Nadal was beaten convincingly by Novak Djokovic in MOnet Carlo last week . But as far as Nadal is concerned 2015 is no different to 2013 2012 or even 2011. I have to congratulate him. Tenniswise I feel a lot better than a few weeks ago.
Rocker Richie Sambora is being investigated by police over claims he threatened to kill his former fashion designer lover. The ex Bon Jovi guitarist 55 allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would dig a hole in the desert and bury her Daily Mail Online can exclusively reveal. Scroll down for video . The rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his exwife Heather Locklear and daughter Ava but faces questioning when he returns. When their affair ended it plunged the business partnership into turmoil just as the duo were preparing to open a boutique on swank Robertson Boulevard. Samboras alleged threat came just days after Lund launched her first signature solo show at the opening of LA fashion week on March 18. Things have become very bitter in recent weeks. She held off going to cops hoping that the situation would resolve itself added the source. Nikki and Kim K are friends from way back . A report was taken regarding criminal threats Lieutenant Seetoo said. Its an active investigation. Denise Richards dated Sambora . Current squeeze Sambora is now dating Australian guitarist Orianthi despite a 26year age difference .
Barcelona goalkeeper MarcAndre ter Stegen is keen to impress manager Luis Enrique in the Champions League having failed to make his La Liga debut since joining the club in the summer. Ter Stegen arrived at the Nou Camp from German outfit Borussia Monchengladbach in May but has struggled to get ahead of fellow summersinging Claudio Bravo in the pecking order under Enrique. The 22yearold has been reduced to Champions League appearances but the German international is confident of his ability and insists hes ready to become Barcelonas firstchoice keeper in the league. Ter Stegen was speaking ahead of the first leg of Barcelonas quarterfinal clash with Paris Saint Germain . The truth is that I have full belief in myself he said at a press conference. My recent games have gone well and I want to keep going as I have been. Im happy with this situation its fine for me. I obviously intend to play at a high level to show the boss that I can play more.
CNNA second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an ISISinspired terror plot Australian police say. Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne Australia in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. Two of the teens 18 and 19 have been released pending further inquiries Australias Federal Police said. The person charged Monday is accused of conspiring to commit acts done in preparation for or planning terrorist acts. The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Saturday. The act that we believe was in preparation involved attacks against police officers he said. Its a handle ISIS is known to loathe. Police also distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection. The men are individuals acting by themselves. CNNs Ralph Ellis and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report.
Some teenagers get driving lessons from their parents. Other teens are taught by licensed instructors. But Malia Obama isnt your average 16yearold Her driving lessons were provided by the U.S. Secret Service. Asked who taught Malia how to drive first lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talkshow host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide aroundtheclock security for the family. Scroll down for video . The full interview is set to air Thursday. And my kids have got to learn how to live in the world like normal kids. Malia also drives herself around Washington Mrs. Obama said. With Kelly and Michael earlier this week. So once she was legally permitted to drive on her own she gets in her car.
A 7ft 8in tall man so embarrassed by his height he hid at home for half his life has found love with a woman three feet smaller than him. But true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian  who has come to be known as the gentle giant  in the form of Evem Medeiros a 5ft 21yearold woman he met online. Scroll down for video . The former gold miner admits their huge height difference has left a few people bewildered especially when it comes to the dynamics of their lovelife. I get asked a lot about this and at first it annoyed me but nowadays its normal and I am used to it. We adapt. I wanted to be with her all the time. I was really worried. But in 2007 after some convincing from his family he agreed and had it removed using less invasive laser surgery performed through his nose. I was 28 said Joelison. She is very caring. I have polycystic ovaries and so there are months that I dont ovulate.
Criticised Rona Fairhead will stand down as director of HSBC while continuing role at BBC . Rona Fairhead was last month accused of being either incredibly naive or totally incompetent by Margaret Hodge chairman of the Commons public accounts committee over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the banks Swiss division. Now the 53yearold has told shareholders she will stay on for a further oneyear period before leaving the banks board entirely according to The Times. She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on March 20. It marks a change in position for the bank which said in its annual report that Mrs Fairhead would again stand for reelection. If not the Government should sack you. Last year Mrs Fairhead earned more than 500000 last year as chairwoman of HSBCs American business. She said We were horrified when we discovered what happened. I could only respond to evidence that I had and I could only deal with that. . .
Britt McHenry is back to work. The disgraced ESPN sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single motherofthree at a towing firm. Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend. When she picked it up infuriated she resorted to insulting the employees looks intelligence and social status. Scroll down for video . But she knows the first couple of assignments out of the box will not be easy. Makes my skin crawl even being here. McHenry then fires back Yep thats all you care about  taking peoples money with no education no skill set. Just wanted to clarify that. After a few more comments including telling Michelle she doesnt have a brain McHenry delivers her biggest sting. Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me huh? Cos Im on television and youre in a fg trailer honey. The venue which features happy hour from 11am until 9pm was described by enthusiastic patrons as a prime pregame spot and online reviewers as a beloved dive bar.
Football equality campaigners Kick It Out have warned Hartlepool supporters over a Bob Marleythemed fancydress day planned for their League Two trip to Carlisle on the final day of the season. Officials from the antiracism body say they have acted on complaints from some Hartlepool fans and urged Carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who might decide to black up for the occasion. Jamaican reggae artist Marley was a multimillionselling artist famed for his music and as a Rastafarian for his dreadlocked look who died of cancer aged 36 in 1981. Hartlepool United fans have a history of fancy dress travelling as the Smurfs to Charlton in 2012 . If we do receive complaints informing us that supporters have blacked up at the fixture between Carlisle United and Hartlepool United or that any incidents or disturbances of a discriminatory nature have occurred we will follow our usual procedures by making the Football Association and the Football League aware for them to investigate. I havent been offended.
They like to play a bit of Queen at Bournemouths little home in the minutes before their matches start. They might be better served singing The Grand Old Duke of York. Only those 10000 men on that hill could possibly relate to the absurdities of Bournemouths afternoon engagement with Sheffield Wednesday. They are neither up nor down they are neither falling apart nor running away with the loot. Chris Maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court . 1 Watford 85pts To play Apr 25 Brighton a May 2 Sheff Wed h 2 Bournemouth 84pts Apr 27 Bolton h May 2 Charlton a 3 Middlesbrough 84pts Apr 25 Fulham a May 2 Brighton h 4 Norwich 82pts Apr 25 Rotherham a May 2 Fulham h And how. Brilliantly bonkers. Kieran Lee second right celebrates with his team after his 36th minute header put the visitors ahead . A sign of the pressure of this incredible promotion race then? We will tell him how much we love him tonight. Again. Howe said he felt heartbroken. Multiple narratives multiple charges and multiple futures on the line. Its crazy but its brilliant.
A New York City skin clinics popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion  if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first. Manhattanbased Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin glowing while also promising that longterm use will reduce wrinkles clear acne and minimize scarring. With these claims the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper  unless that paper is in the mandatory eightpage contract that one client told the New York Post was like a Dickens novel and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client. But that hasnt stopped skinobsessed New Yorkers from flocking to the Manhattan location. Scroll down for video . Then of course there are the more fatal risks. Yet despite such ominous language fans of the addictive procedure seem undeterred. Clients don protective goggles as a nurse runs a laser over their faces twice. So thats what yourre smelling. Her own biggest fan Founder Yen Reis pictured says she gets her companys signature skin treatment two to three times a week .
Mesut Ozil is playing the best football since he joined Arsenal in the summer of 2013 after leading the Gunners to second in the Premier League table. Ozil was off the pace at the beginning of this season but says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in January. And the German star says his injury has actually helped him claiming that it worked in my favour after a busy schedule. Mesut Ozil trains ahead of Arsenals FA Cup semi final against Reading on Saturday . I guess 10 years of consistently playing football took its toll. I was also struggling with the physicality of this league. I have had to work a lot harder and adjust my game accordingly. Im continuing to do extra sessions after training now.
A former mob enforcer in Rhode Island with ties to late New England crime boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca has died in a federal prison in North Carolina. Gerard T. The Frenchman Ouimette was 75. Ouimette passed away in this medium security facility after being diagnosed with lung cancer . Ouimette had more than 10 convictions during his criminal career including one for punching an FBI agent. The Providence Journal reports that Ouimette spent a total of 46 years behind bars. Subject OUIMETTE controls a large group of criminals known as the OUIMETTE faction whose criminal activities include gambling loansharking extortion and property violations such as major hijackings robberies and burglaries the report states. He was never convicted of any homicides however. Due to ensuing notoriety the name stuck. There is a saying that is appropriate to prison life If you sit by the river long enough you will eventually see all your enemies float by he wrote. They even had catered lobster dinners police said.
Tiger Woods says the Par3 Contest is all about having fun enjoying it and not winning. Woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 and made it quite a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side and his children caddying for him. No matter what. Ive been sixunder through eight and just happen to hit two balls in the water on nine. Vonn holds up her dress from the grass as she talks to Woodss children Charlie centre and Sam right Vonn completed the family portrait with her flowing green dress matching Tigers shirt while Woods daughter Sam and son Charlie each wore green ballcaps and white caddie jumpsuits. I said hey there is an opportunity maybe next year I might be able to do this if you want to. They said okay well see.
Jamie Carragher says Mike Ashley has turned Newcastle United into a boring club and has accused the billionaire owner of only being interested in making money. His words are sure to resonate with supporters who boycotted Sundays 31 defeat at home to Spurs  a sixth straight loss which equals their worstever run in the Premier League. Before the game fans gathered outside the Gallowgate End and were united in choruses of Were rich but our team is s and Wheres the money gone? I can understand why fans are frustrated said the Sportsmail columnist in his punditry role on Sky Sports. They think Where else can I make money? Oh a football club. People will say as supporters youve got to come back youve got to get behind your team. Since Mike Ashleys been here theyve been relegated once and they could be relegated once again. Im getting bored by Newcastle. When you watched them over the years there was madness there was excitement stupid goals going in one end and then the other but it was exciting. Now its boring. And that is something that just doesnt work.
Two men who claim they were molested as young boys by Michael Jackson are expected to find out on Tuesday if they will be allowed to sue for a slice of the late King Of Pops 1.5 billion estate. Australian choreographer Wade Robson once the singers staunchest defender now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child. Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jacksons alleged child victims James Safechuck on Tuesday that could decide if their respective claims proceed. The Jordan Chandler lawsuit alone is alleged to have cost more than 40 million. He also alleges that Jackson wrote a check for more than 1 million to Safechucks father a sanitation worker. The singer regularly dressed Safechuck in clothes identical to his and would tell reporters Safechuck was his cousin a former employee said. Robson was a fiveyearold dance prodigy in Brisbane Australia when he first met the singer. Jackson died of acute propofol and benzodiazepine intoxication on June 25 2009 after suffering from cardiac arrest.
A barrister and Oxford University graduate who spent more than two years avoiding paying for his train ticket could be the biggest faredodger to be prosecuted a court heard. Peter Barnett 43 is said to have caused a loss of 23000 to Chiltern Railways over a twoandahalf year period. He travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley in north west London. Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year . The Crown have reached that figure by a number of rail staff calculating it. The lawyer was cautioned for an identical offence in 2010 but continued to break the law despite his prestigious reputation as the founder of an African childrens charity and director of leading thinktank the Legatum Institute Foundation aimed at promoting prosperity. Barnett was released on unconditional bail. The deception places him among the ranks of Britains biggest fare dodgers closely behind a former millionaire fund manager.
Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty properties for 1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities. Residents of rural towns like Cumnock Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools save the local bus run and keep businesses open. Cumnock resident Christine Weston says the Rentafarmhouse initiative she set up in 2008 brought new life to her town of 280 people near Orange The towns population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on. Country life still appeals to many families but it doesnt always make financial sense for them. Were trying to change that Ms Westone told the Daily Telegraph. The view from the Mercers Cumnock home Barina which is part of the Rentafarmhouse scheme . Ms Weston says some farmhouses are being offered at low rent because they need renovating. In Rugby 200kms southwest of Sydney a school was saved. Its student numbers had dwindled to two. If we dont get more people coming here things are going to keep shutting Mr Armstrong said.
Robbie Knievel has been arrested for allegedly driving under the influence in Butte Montana  the town his daredevil father Evel Knievel helped make famous. Knievel 52 was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rearended a Honda causing a chainreaction crash involving two other vehicles police said. No one was injured. After the crash Knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away according to ButteSilver Bow Undersheriff George Skuletich. Officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample the Montana Standard reported. On Wednesday he made his initial appearance in Justice Court. Like father like son Robbie is pictured jumping 21 Hummers at Texas Motor Speedway in June 2008 . He received a suspended jail sentence and paid nearly 600 in fines. I ride motorcycles and I friggn drink and ride  thats my deal. And you know what it would be better if I killed myself. Together The two Knievels are pictured together in 2006  the year before Evel passed away aged 69 .
Fresh testimonies from a small island community in the Maldives has reignited reports that missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could have crashed over 5000 kilometres away from the official search led by Australian authorities. Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo located in the southern area of the Dhaalu Atoll in the Maldives reported witnessing a lowflying jumbo jet on the morning of March 8 last year when the flight disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board. The reports come as acoustic scientists from Curtin University refuse to rule out the possibility that distinctive data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the Indian Ocean. I didnt know that a plane was missing. I went straight home and told my wife about it. Weve seen seaplanes but Im sure that this was not one of those. Malaysias civil aviation chief Azharuddin Abdul Rahman declared the crash an accident . Dr Alec Duncan left from Curtin Universitys Centre for Marine Science and Technology began investigating a lowfrequency underwater sound signal . 2014 . 2015 .
CNNIt takes a village to raise a triathlete. Since returning home from our kickoff weekend where we got to experience life as a fulltime triathlete Ive been juggling training life with a fulltime job hectic commute and time with friends and family. With my Fit Nation teammates spread far and wide this was a solo effort. Throw in a notorious Chicago winter that refused to go gently into that good night and Ill admit it I was not very diligent in getting all of my training done. Partner up the Facebook status read. Jae Rockwell the founder of my local womens fitness groups Women RUN the World posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable. And so thats what I did. I traveled to Little Rock with three phenomenal fitspirations Samantha Goga Natali Villarruel and Umber Rahman  who are members of an obstacle course race group called the Midwest Vikings. Seeing how much fun theyve had participating in some really daunting physical challenges helped me push through some of the more difficult moments of running my first marathon! Swimming remains my weakest link. I just learned to swim last summer. I appreciated their perspective and gentle coaching.
A farmer who has constructed a rather suggestive hay bale structure which is fully exposed out the front of his property could face pornographic charges. The sculpture made out of bales of compressed grass depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull. Bruce Cook who owns Kaktus Point Charolais stud at Lake Charm in northwest Victoria told Daily Mail Australia that police told him to pull down the model after they received a complaint about the offensive nature of the statue. Mr Cook put up his realistic artwork on Good Friday just for a bit of fun. He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos . Im not going to take it down unless I receive a court order. Acting Sergeant Chris OFlaherty duty officer of the local Kerang Police Station was unable to provide details of the matter but did confirm that police spoke with Mr Cook on Wednesday . People offended by it must have a dirty mind or are just prudish.
Transgender model Andreja Pejic has revealed that she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem special or interesting once she completed her transition into a woman. The 23yearold Serbianborn fashion star who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl. Youre not going to be interesting anymore. There are loads of pretty girls out there. Scroll down for video . Its good. Andreja was born in what is now known as BosniaHerzegovina and later to emigrated to Melbourne Australia. Fashion friends Andreja posted this picture of herself posing alongside Kendall Jenner while the pair were backstage at the Giles show . Michael Kors PreFall 2015 . Visit site . Carey Mulligan can smoulder like no other! It doesnt hurt when you have the entire Vogue magazine styling team behind you either... Crew Faviana and Nasty Gal. Theres never been a better head turner than the color red. J. Oscar de la Renta Strapless Sweetheart Gown at Bergdorf Goodman .
CNNIf there was ever any doubt that the Obama administrations Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan not a carbon reduction plan all you have to do is look at how they treat nuclear energy. Nuclear is our largest source of carbonfree energy generating over 60 of our carbonfree electricity. Surely President Barack Obamas climate plan allegedly aimed at reducing the United States overall carbon emissions would revitalize the nuclear industry lead to increased plant construction and help meet aggressive carbon reduction targets. Well think again. James Hansen the former head of NASAs Goddard Institute for Space Studies said in 2013 that continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanitys ability to avoid dangerous climate change. EPAs implementation modeling Option 1  State shows exactly the same situation no new construction and 96 retirements by 2050. These assumptions are tremendously important because they determine how emission targets are set and what state actions will receive credit toward those targets. A group of University of Tennessee graduate students made this point to EPA at a public hearing last summer. Where did this policy shift come from? The administration also believes in mandriven global warming which should make nuclear energy its golden key.
Tony McCoy thanked the racing public for making the last two months of his career the most memorable of all as their appreciation helped him cope with the thought of retirement. Since announcing his intention to retire in February McCoy has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to Ireland with the attendance at usually mundane midweek meetings boosted by his presence. Tony McCoy holds the jockeys championship trophy he won for the 20th time on the day he retires . Northern Irishman McCoy shows his emotion at Sandown Park after the final race of his career . Speaking to At The Races on the first morning he could no longer call himself a jockey he said We had a very good night but Ive just got up and havent got round to eating breakfast yet. I can smell it though and someone has done the right thing and cooked me a nice breakfast. To get a reception like that for doing something Ive loved to do for pretty much all my life Im really going to miss it.
Portos win over German giants Bayern Munich has been celebrated in Portugal by their media. Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Pep Guardiolas team lose 31 in the first leg of their Champions League quarterfinal on Wednesday night. Portugals Record opted for the pun Fantasporto as their headline for the next day highlighting the clubs fantastic performance while Abola simply write Superb! Ricardo Quaresma uses the outside of his right foot to score beyond goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Porto gave Bayern a mountain to climb inthe return leg at the Allianz Arena next week on April 21. Julen Lopetegui manager of Porto orchestrated the win but acknowledges there is nothing to celebrate just yet. We are facing one of the strongest Bayern teams in history he said. They will hope Bayern offer them more gifts after two of Portos goals came from Manuel Neuer giving away a penalty and an error from Dante.
CNNThe overturned convertible was smoldering when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway. The driver was pinned inside  and unconscious. Not knowing when the car might burst into full flame they scrambled to save her while a police dash cam rolled. CNN obtained the footage from affiliate WPIX. Kinnelon Police Officers Mark Ehrenburg and Ricky Ferriola cut the seat belt from her then dragged the womans limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care. Two more minutes  an explosion. All three were lucky to escape the flames. Its horn was blaring. No response not even a gesture the video showed. As for his colleagues bravery he said A lot of times we dont think of our own safety doing this job. CNNs Ben Brumfield and Jackie Castillo contributed to this report .
A boy aged 14 and a girl of 16 have been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism. The boy was held in Blackburn after police examined a number of electronic devices and raided a house in the town on Thursday. Both were bailed until May 28. The investigation involved the North West Counter Terrorism Unit Greater Manchester Police and Lancashire Police. No one answered at the girls family home this evening though neighbours described them as a normal family. It is understood that the family is from Pakistan but has lived in the UK for many years. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Field Marshall Erwin Rommel sporting his famous goggles which were in fact a five from British Major General Michael GambierParry . He was the one German leader in the Second World War who the British regarded with honour. Rommel nicknamed the Desert Fox also became an iconic wartime figure  and the stylish goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth. They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat. The pair shared good wine and smoked excellent cigars according to GambierParrys granddaughter Liza Donoghue 67. Scroll down for video . German Panzer Mk III and a command vehicle in Libya during the North African campaign. Rommel committed suicide in October 1944 after taking part in a failed plot to kill Hitler. Mrs Donoghue of Bristol said of her grandfather He respected Rommel.
President Barack Obama announced today 200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq but declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS. I think this is why we are having this meeting to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that Iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission he told a reporter questioning him about military support following his Oval Office discussion with Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar alAbadi. Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other U.S. weapons during his visit. But White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting. Abadi is on his first trip to Washington since becoming prime minister last September. Iranbacked Shiite militias have played a major and growing role in battling the Sunni Islamic State an al Qaeda offshoot also known as ISIL that emerged from the chaos in Iraq and neighboring Syria and which swept through northern Iraq last June.
Former Manchester United and Burnley fullback Richard Eckersley is training with La Liga side Elche. Eckersley begun his career at the Red Devils but after failing to make an impact in Manchester he rejected the offer of a new contract and signed for Premier League newcomers Burnley. But an unsuccessful three years in Lancashire where Eckersley failed to make a league appearance saw him make a move to MLS outfit Toronto FC on loan. Eckersley has been hampered by injuries throughout his career but showed promise at MLS side Toronto FC . Following a successful loan period Toronto signed Eckersley permanently and he made over 50 appearances for the club. However the 26yearold is a now free agent after leaving Red Bull Arena. Eckersley will be hoping he can impress manager Fran Escriba and secure a dream move to Spain with Elche.
A bizarre tale of torture and amnesia is set to unfold in a Queensland court on Monday. The case involves a man from central Queensland who has been charged with torture after another man went to hospital suffering fractures head injuries and burns. Officers arrested a 32yearold man from suburban Kepnock who will appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday on charges including grievous bodily harm deprivation of liberty and torture. An investigation was launched on Saturday when a 29yearold man went to Bundaberg Hospital. Initial police inquiries were to do with the theft of the mans car. However after observing his injuries at the hospital police started their own investigation despite the victim claiming to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him. Police claim that the offences took place between March 20 to March 27. The two men also know each other.
Stuart Pearce believes Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini deserves more time to turnaround the clubs dwindling fortunes. Citys challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks and Pellegrinis men now face a battle to even finish in the top four. A derby day thumping at the hands of rivals Manchester United only compounded their misery but Pearce believes City should stick with the 61yearold. The club will have a good look at themselves in the summer but Im not a big favour of turning managers over quickly. He has been around the block long enough to realise the squad needs freshening up drastically this summer. Yaya Toure has had a largely ineffective season for current champions Manchester City this season . Where City have suffered historically is when Toure has either lost form or been away on African Nations tours said Pearce.
The family of a woman who has been missing for almost a month have shared their heartbreak over her disappearance. Sharon Edwards car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing on March 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. Her son Eli Edwards told Daily Mail Australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mothers disappearance. Sharon Edwards 55 was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton NSW . The worst part is not knowing anything its such a mystery he said. My old mans taking it pretty hard and I guess we are all just going through stages. I want her to be found one way or another. The dedicated primary school teacher didnt turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School on Monday morning and her husband reported her missing the next day . Ms Edwards is described as being of Caucasian with a fair complexion short blond hair and medium build.
The worlds youngest DJ who is just two years old has a dedicated following of thousands of fans thanks to his ability to work the decks. Oratilwe Hlongwane whose DJ name is AJ is still learning to put together words but the toddler is already able to select and play music from a laptop and has become a phenomenon in South Africa. His capabilities have even earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bassheavy house music. His recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of Johannesburg gathered a large crowd as he bopped his head to the beat with large headphones slung around his neck. Mr Hlongwane a gymnastics coach and aspiring DJ had planned to download educational apps to speed up his childs education but also downloaded a disc jockeying app for himself. His parents were blown away when their son who still wears nappies repeated what he had learned on the app on actual DJ equipment playing with sound effects and bouncing between songs. Mr Hlongwane added I can see a future Bill Gates here.
I yield to no one in my love of the old days  warm beer cricket on the village green bobbies on bicycles two by two all that  but its rare a chance arises to compare the rosetinted past with the brave new world as it did on Saturday evening when Skys highoctane Premier League coverage went headtohead with Arsenal v Reading in the FA Cup semifinal on the BBC. As we know the Premier League has the money and prestige but what the FA Cup has is history and boy does the BBC love a bit of history? Lest you were in any doubt its coverage of the semifinal kicked off with footage of the late Sir Laurence Olivier doing the St Crispins Day speech from the film of Henry V We happy few We band of brothers and so on. Gary Lineker Alan Shearer Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBCs coverage at Wembley . BBC presenter Lineker prepares to present the Match of the Day 50th anniversary special broadcast . Reading defender Nathaniel Chaloboah left chases Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey right on Saturday . The outcome on Sky was depressingly predictable.
An Israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks. The 40secondvideo recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania shows the driver of a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach. Making an attempt to scare them away  in an entirely tongueincheek way  the man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck. Laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper. Before long the monkey reemerges and to the surprise of everyone watching carries snacks in both its hands and its mouth.
The Tennessee Supreme Court postponed execution dates for four inmates effectively halting all executions while the courts decide whether current protocols for putting people to death are constitutional. Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009. Since then legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions. Above electrocution has been designated as a backup method . Leroy Hall Jr 48 left and Nicholas Todd Sutton 53 right were both convicted of murder in 1991 and 1985 respectively. Ruble says in the affidavit that the main ingredient for pentobarbital is unavailable from the six primary commercial sources that compounding pharmacists buy their ingredients from. Strouth was convicted of murdering a clothing store owner in 1978 by slitting his throat after he was knocked unconscious with a rock. He is believed to be mentally ill and had ineffective counsel during his trial according to his website. There are 69 people on Tennessees death row. The states Republican Governor Mary Fallin supports the death penalty but has not said whether she will sign the bill.
After experiencing major devastation and loss of life in the April 25 earthquake Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of beef masala as part of the relief package from Pakistan. Since the majorityHindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Saarc member countries.
When journalist Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the countrys rapidly growing yet unregulated gestational surrogacy industry for HBO documentary series Vice she didnt anticipate how dark the story would get. But the heartbreak did not end there. During her time spent undercover posing as one of these people Gianna was informed that in order to maximize profits and ensure a final product doctors are encouraged to implant multiple embryos in surrogates which can lead to the surrogate having to abort one of the fetuses or give birth to multiple babies. And if an extra baby is born it isnt necessarily going home with its genetic parents. No morals The agent eventually offered to sell Gianna and her team the baby over dinner . It made me think it wasnt a oneoff thing she explained to Daily Mail Online. Tight quarters Two surrogates can be see sitting on the beds in their shared room . Dr Patel maintained that the women are well taken care of and make more money than they could working 24 hours a day seven days a week in any other profession. During the episode a surrogate named Vasanti told Gianna Nobody likes doing this.
Some of us dont like to hit the bar before midday but when your drink is poured by a robot bartender you make an exception  even when mine jerks suddenly and I fear a malfunction. But hang on a minute its simply giving my margarita a good shake. Pouring drinks is only one of these bartenders tricks. In the evening they dance to music. Scroll down for video . Making waves An instructor demonstrates the FlowRider wave machine on board Royal Caribbeans ship Anthem Of The Seas . Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips which can be pressed against various sensors. The 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies  windowsized LED screens showing realtime footage shot by exterior cameras. This ship is clearly aimed at younger cruisers. In my postskydive photo the instructor has two arms around my bottom and his face in my chest  and I look as though Ive had a bad facelift. The Anthems 18 restaurants include a hotdogfilled food truck and a Johnny Rockets American diner. Seven nights on Anthem Of The Seas www.royalcaribbean.co.uk 0844 493 2061 departing Southampton on June 13 costs from 979pp.
Letting the Scottish Nationalists dictate the direction of the UK government would be like getting King Herod to run a baby farm Boris Johnson warned today in an escalation of Tory attacks on the SNP. The Tory London Mayor warned against allowing Nicola Sturgeons SNP to dominate the government of the UK an entity that they are sworn to destroy. He likened it to asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery. Ms Sturgeon set out a programme for delivery on a UKwide basis raising the prospect of Scottish nationalist MPs calling the shots on policies which apply only in England Wales and Northern Ireland. Polls suggest up to half of Scots are planning to vote SNP handing the party dozens of seats and leaving Labours Ed Miliband unable to secure a majority. Any such course of action would be totally nuts. Speaking at her manifesto launch Ms Sturgeon said she had not heard the comments of Boris Johnson directly. I think that is a frightening prospect he told BBC Ones Andrew Marr show.
CNNThe worlds biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place as you read this. The Large Hadron Collider LHC a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world is ready for action following a twoyear shutdown. After problems that delayed the restart in March scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research CERN completed final tests enabling the first beams to start circulating Sunday inside the LHCs 17 mile 27 km ring. Today CERNs heart beats once more to the rhythm of the LHC. At near lightspeed a proton in the LHC makes 11245 circuits per second. Our current limited knowledge is based on whats called The Standard Model of particle physics. The burning questions that remain include the origin of mass and why some particles are very heavy while others have no mass at all a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity and uncovering dark matter and dark energy since visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe. The machine alone costs approximately three billion euros about 3.3 billion paid for by member countries of CERN and contributions by nonmember nations. Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report.
How do you fancy taking a tour of the Grand Mosque of Abu Dhabi seeing Berlins historic Checkpoint Charlie or exploring Cape Peninsula in South Africa? The Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi is definitely a sight worth seeing . To create these eexperiences a dedicated team of social media specialists prepare a tailored itinerary of airport checkins status updates and attendance at all the best destination hotspots and events. The rise of social media swaggering has produced a new type of traveller one who values kudos within their social groups over a physical trip away and the experience it brings. Berlin . Fine dining at the famous Heising restaurant . Wild night and morning at techno club Tresor . Price includes unique content across Facebook Twitter and Instagram. Cape Town . Great white shark cage diving . Sunset cruise on the Persian Gulf . Incredible views from the Etihad Towers Observation Deck . When I signed up to take part in Park Inn by Radisson Escapes I wasnt quite sure what to expect but the results were phenomenal. It all looked so beautiful I even started to feel as if Id been there for real.
Bending and rising in spectacular fashion these stunning pictures capture the paddy fields of south east Asia and the arduous life of the farmers who cultivate them. In a photo album that spans over China Thailand Vietnam Laos and Cambodia extraordinary images portray the crops full cycle from the primitive sowing of seeds to the distribution of millions of tonnes for consumption. The pictures were taken by professional photographer Scott Gable 39 who spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydraterich food. Scroll down for video . Majestic A farmer wades through the mud with a stick as late morning rain falls on top of Dragonsbone terraces in Longsheng County China . Rice is a staple food for more than onehalf the worlds population but for many consumers its origin remains somewhat of a mystery. It is also the thirstiest crop there is  according to the UN farmers need at least 2000 litres of water to make one kilogram of rice. That was very difficult. Muddy work A solitary famer wearing a traditoinal Asian conical hat labours in a paddy field in lowland southern China .
In 2018 Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest most powerful rocket booster ever built the Space Launch System SLS. Tucked inside the stage adapter  the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS will be 11 selfcontained small satellites each about the size of a large shoebox. Now the space agency has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space. Nasa is taking advantage of a great opportunity to conduct more science beyond our primary focus of this mission said Jody Singer manager of Nasas Flight Programs and Partnerships Office. The first is a NearEarth Asteroid NEA Scout using solar sail propulsion will fly by a small asteroid taking pictures and making observations. BioSentinel will use yeast to detect measure and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms over long durations beyond LowEarth Orbit . Lunar Flashlight will scout for locations on the lunar surface that are rich in resources that once broken down into their component molecules could be used in future exploration.
A jealous husband who fatally stabbed his exwife in the heart after discovering she had been using dating websites has been found guilty of murder. Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death at the hands of Barry McCarthy the man she had spent 25 years with before their separation four months earlier. Mrs McCarthy 50 sent a series of messages to friends and family on September 27 including one to her daughter saying she didnt know what he is capable of these days. She urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day  but it was never received. The couple who were still sharing a home in GorlestononSea Norfolk but sleeping in separate bedrooms had had an argument. A little later he entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times according to the Eastern Daily Press. McCarthy will be sentenced on May 1 after being found guilty of murder at Norwich Crown Court .
The belief that the most popular antidepressant drugs raise serotonin levels in the brain is nothing more than a myth a leading professor of psychiatry has claimed. David Healy head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit in Bangor North Wales said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. He suggested that the success of socalled SSRI drugs  which include Prozac and Seroxat  was based on the marketing of a myth. Scroll down for video . However other psychiatrists have refuted the professors claims saying the profession has moved on from a simplistic description of the pills correcting a chemical imbalance. Depression should be redefined as an infectious disease rather than an emotional disorder argues one scientist. How they do this is not. We need to understand the language we use. Dr Paul Keedwell Consultant Psychiatrist and Specialist in Mood Disorders said In the real world of the clinic SSRIs are undeniably effective in treating individuals with major depression.
George Osborne dodged questions over plans to offer more help to the countrys top earners . Labour and Tory politicians have come to blows over the 45p top tax rate following the Chancellors admission that establishing the threshold was not one of the Governments priorities. Instead he says the Conservatives are committed to raising the taxfree personal allowance bracket from 10000 to 12500. At present anyone earning between 31866 to 150000 is taxed at the higher rate. Accusing the current Government of prioritising helping the very richest Shadow chief secretary Chris Leslie condemned the Chancellors refusal to rule out offering reduced tax rates on high income salaries. Scroll down for video . Thats not our plan. We are spending it today. He added the Scottish nationalist leaders were much stronger than the opposition leader who he said would be overrun if they entered a coalition together. The Chancellor accused Ed Balls of running scared of a debate on the economy with himself and Danny Alexander .
It may be a difficult time for Jermain Defoe and his Sunderland teammates on the pitch but the England forward seemed in good spirits off it as he enjoyed a game of basketball on Wednesday. Sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle as they struggle for form at the wrong end of the season with only one win in nine albeit against north East rivals Newcastle. Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of Basketball . Defoe and his teammates fell to a humiliating 41 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match . Defoe arrived at the Stadium of Light in January following an unsuccessful time in the MLS with Toronto FC in a switch that was seen as a coup by thenmanager Gus Poyet  who was eventually sacked in March and replaced by Dick Advocaat. The former Spurs forward scored a sublime volley as his side defeated rivals Newcastle 10 earlier this month . Sunderland will be hoping Burnley slip up against Everton on Saturday where a victory for Sean Dyches men would see them move level on points with Defoes side.
He may be a warrior in the ring but Manny Pacquaio showed his humble side outside of it once more with his latest Instagram post. The 36yearold is gearing up for his 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2  in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history. But the Philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank American film director Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far. The 36yearold also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone centre left for visiting him at the gym . I hope to see you soon. God bless. Asked whether the 2010 or 2015 version of Pacquiao would have a better chance of victory against the unbeaten Mayweather Roach told boxingscene.com  That is an interesting question because there are obviously tradeoffs between the two versions of Manny. His first two welterweight fights were against Oscar De La Hoya in 2008 and Miguel Cotto in 2009 where he only weighed 142 and 144 pounds respectively and in between he dropped down to 138 to fight Ricky Hatton.
Scientists believe life on Earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. But while they have been able to put a date on when life appeared they are still far from knowing how it appeared. Now researchers in the US and Italy say they have evidence that DNAlike fragments may have come with instructions that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago. Scroll down for video . RNA which stands for ribonucleic acid is a molecule made up of one or more nucleotides. It also acts as an onandoff switch for some genes. The study by the University of Milan and University of Colorado Boulder is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure. These connect together short DNA chains to form long ones without the need for a separate biological process. The new findings show that in the presence of appropriate chemical conditions the spontaneous selfassembly of small DNA fragments into stacks of short duplexes greatly favours their binding into longer polymers thereby providing a preRNA route to the RNA world added Professor Clark.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia  by hitting the exercise bike every morning before her daughter even woke up. The 33yearold who is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year. Scroll down for video . Her day is then typically spent with the horses kept at her mother Princess Annes stables before squeezing in another workout. Lunch is quick and simple like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. I dont diet but I try to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things. The Queens granddaughter when she was pregnant in 2013 . Speaking in an interview in January Mr Tindall who has recently taken part in the reality skiing show The Jump said Eventing children have to be very relaxed. You are going to travel around a lot.
On Sunday 36000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon. For one couple however these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route. Cancer Research UK runners Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts. Unfortunately Paul 41 lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekends marathon the couple have raised 7000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day. The pair who live in Clapham London ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti. Speaking on Sunday 34yearold Laura said It has been an absolutely incredible day the atmosphere has been electric and to be able to share it all with our family and friends has made it really special. The last leg was definitely tough but I think we were both so euphoric and had such great support from the crowds that we were carried round. They then completed the run together.
Diehard fans of the hit BBC series Poldark arent just flocking to Cornwall as tourists as interest in the programme has spurred demand for holiday homes along the countys picturesque coastline. A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for 3million and it is already drawing interest from viewers who are enamoured with the series stunning setting  and actor Aidan Turners chiselled looks. Since the series started airing last month estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage overlooking an ancient smugglers cove on Cornwalls north coast and other properties where the title character Ross Poldark plies his trade. Scroll down for video . Boasting seven bedrooms six reception rooms and seven bathrooms the property has direct access to the beach and an amazing view of uninterrupted coast and open sea. With few revenue men to patrol it goods like tea brandy rum and tobacco were smuggled in. All four of Foweys public toilets are out of service just weeks before summer . I am hopeful it will be completed soon. Its important that Fowey has these facilities. Mrs Vincent added The cost of running toilets is astronomical.
A mysterious benefactor has donated 1.5million to Bath Abbey which was posted to church in a plain brown envelope. The donor who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named sent the money along with a note saying they wanted to help safeguard the church for the next hundred years. The cash will be put towards the Abbeys restoration fund which is aiming to raise 20million to repair the collapsing floor fit heating powered by the Bath springs and expand the building. Laura Brown who is heading up the Footprint restoration project said she had to read the letter twice before she could believe it was real adding that she had to have a sit down afterwards . The church has been granted 10.4million of Heritage Lottery Funding but only provided they can raise the additional 7.1million themselves by the end of the year. Of course there is gratitude but theres also this glow you get.
Harlequins have announced that flyhalf Tim Swiel will return to the club next season on a fulltime contract. Swiel 21 spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term before heading back to the Durbanbased Sharks in South Africa. Tim made a real impact with us on loan earlier in the season and we are delighted that the Sharks have granted him his release to come back to us on a fulltime basis Quins rugby director Conor OShea said. He is a young player with a huge amount of potential and also someone who showed mentally that he is able to cope with anything thrown at him. Somersetborn Swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell featuring in the European Champions Cup Aviva Premiership and LV Cup.
Shay Given will keep his place in Aston Villas side for the FA Cup final at Wembley against Arsenal  and is putting Brad Guzan under pressure for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League. Guzan was said to be hurting after missing out on the semifinal victory over Liverpool but understood Tim Sherwoods decision to keep faith in the competition with the Republic of Ireland goalkeeper. Givens performances in the FA Cup have given Sherwood plenty to consider as the Villa manager looks to pick up the points required to stay in the topflight beginning with a trip to Manchester City on Saturday evening. Shay comes in every day and trains hard said goalkeeping coach Tony Parks. Hes fully behind Guz when he plays in the league team and he puts pressure on him. I dont see that really being a question.
Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over allegations the pair ran a multimillion dollar Ponzi scheme. Theyre accused of reaping more than 31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cashstrapped pro athletes. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms. Allen 36 was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012 playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins. Daub 54 is a financial professional who also lives in Florida according to the SEC. By pooling the resources of a network of investors CFP gives athletes access to money when they need it while providing investors with solid shortterm returns on investment. The agency won an asset freeze against them from the court last week. A person answering the phone at Daubs home said there was no comment.
This is the moment a thief fled the scene after stealing the sat nav from a 73yearold injured pensioners crashed car as she waited for an ambulance. The 73yearold woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the Asda store in Hulme Manchester. She was waiting from an ambulance with her husband who has dementia when the thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat. A member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene and walked across the grass with his dog at around 12pm last Thursday. The man is described as being between 30 and 40 with a beard and wearing purple surfstyle shorts. I would ask that people use that sense of indignation to help us find this man. If you do recognise him or if you even know this man then please do the right thing and call us.
Nicolas Sarkozy was being grilled by judges in a criminal court today two days after being heralded as the politician to save France from Socialism. The 60yearold is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country. Images of Sarkozy arriving at a specialist financial court in Paris today are a huge embarrassment for a politician who still thinks he can return to power. Not only was he roundly beaten by Francois Hollande his detested Socialist rival but he is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching 500000 for overspending. Under French electoral law Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds. Hope has been reborn in France. Happier outing On Sunday Sarkozys party made massive electoral gains against the Socialists in regional elections and he is convinced he can become president again in 2017 .
Manny Pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world of sport after a series of megafights and another one to follow on Saturday night against Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so facing the likes of Oscar De La Hoya Ricky Hatton Miguel Cotto and four fights against Mexican warrior Juan Manuel Marquez. But its been a tough road to the top for Pacquiao from being born into poverty in the Philippines. Manny Pacquiao pictured as a teenager in a boxing gym in Manila before he became a global superstar . Pacquiao has made a remarkable rise through the weight divisions from being an incredibly slight lightflyweight when he made his debut . Now share your opinion . Pacquiao will host a fans rally on Tuesday at the Mandalay Bay Hotel with trainer Freddie Roach promoter Bob Arum and his pet Jack Russell Pacman also present. Pacquiaos luxury bus leaves his training base in Los Angeles to set off for Las Vegas on Monday afternoon ahead of the fight .
Ricky Woolaston 35 dressed in uniform bearing the University of Birmingham logo to break into students houses and steal laptops . A thief who tricked his way into students homes to steal their belongings was caught when he left his old police charge sheet behind which had his name written on it. Ricky Woolaston 35 posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit. But a court heard he was easily tracked down by police after he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes. Officers searched the rucksack and found it contained a police charge sheet from a previous offence bearing his name and address. The prolific thief was arrested last Friday and has now been sentenced to four years in prison at Birmingham Crown Court after pleading guilty to five burglaries. We are happy with his sentence.
This is the spectacular moment a goose narrowly avoids a snapping foxs jaw after the sly animal had given an almighty leap in a bid to take down the large bird. However despite the foxs best efforts to capture the Canadian goose  it only came away with a single feather. The actionpacked photographs were captured by Roger Byng 67 on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge Gloucester. Lunch! Launch! He is poised to take off as his startled prey takes flight ... Mr Byng from Bristol was in a hide with the intention of photographing small British birds such as Bullfinches Longtailed Tits and Wrens as part of a relaxing days photography. I suddenly saw it break into a run towards the geese so I quickly moved my camera and lens to focus on the fox explained the married Grandfatherofnine. Gotcha! The fox leaps but his jaws snap shut a fraction too late to bring down the bird . Spitting feathers!
Caller ID as we know it could be getting a revamp. Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear  even if their number isnt stored in your contacts book. It pulls in any publiclyshared data from a users Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers. Scroll down for video . The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US. Billions of calls are made everyday on mobile phones and people often have very little information about whos calling them explained Facebooks product manager Andrea Vaccari in a blog post. Facebook has tweaked its News Feed setting to make posts from friends more prominent. They also dont need to have Hello installed either.
CNNThe night before her daughters first triathlon Kate Parker could tell the child was nervous. Ella and her younger sister Alice are athletic loud curious wildhaired kids. They grew up watching their mother compete in races and Ella had asked to sign up for her own. Still as they laid out everything shed need the next day Parker a photographer could tell she was afraid. Why dont we get a picture? Show me your strongest face show me your bravest face even if you dont feel that way right now. She looked Parker said like a little badass. Youre going to be totally fine Parker showed her. Look at how tough you are. It covers the last two years but evolved from Parkers early days behind a camera when she shot daily images of her girls to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition. Hers didnt. Whoever they were however they were was worthy of an image. Ella has this amazing kind heart that cares more about the experience than the win. Whatever it is its OK.
CNNIsraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government Israels President said in a news release Monday. Netanyahu made the request at President Reuven Rivlins Jerusalem home Monday. We have made progress and are on the way to forming a government Netanyahu told Rivlin according to a statement. However I require additional time in order for the government to be stable and so that we might reach agreement on important issues that will aid us in meeting the challenges facing the State of Israel. Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days according to Israeli law. The entire people of Israel hope that a government will be established indeed a transition government has not received the confidence of the Knesset and is viewed by the public as needing to be dealt with. The Zionist Union came in second with 24 seats.
Joey Barton has urged QPR to use their win over West Brom as a springboard for survival. Rangers won 41 at the 10man Baggies on Saturday to end a losing run of five matches and clinch just their second away victory of the season. Chris Ramseys side are still in the Barclays Premier League drop zone but are just three points behind fellow strugglers Aston Villa who they travel to on Tuesday with a better goal difference. Queens Park Rangers midfielder Joey Barton believes his side have a hell of a chance of staying up . QPR are just a point behind 17thplaced Sunderland . And Barton who scored Rangers fourth is eyeing a late run which can take them to safety. We have been putting great performances in but we havent got the rub of the green you need. Bobby Zamora left scored QPRs third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom . Its a big game on Tuesday. That was a poor decision by the referee.
A transgender woman who had her face horribly damaged after it was injected with cement and tire sealant stepped out on Sunday showing off a new look. Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of toxic tush doctor Oneal Ron Morris who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as FixaFlat Super Glue and mineral oil. Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks lips and chin back in 2005 and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon. Scroll down for videos . Rajee was recently treated by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched . Recently this guy said that being with me is like being with a sexy dragon she said at the time. I didnt know whether to slap him or kiss him. She explained Up until I was in my midtwenties I just thought I was a feminine gay male. So I made the choice to get injections done. But then the nightmare started.
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes are again likely to lead the way in China this weekend. Fears of another season of domination from Mercedes were blown away by a shock yet deserved victory for Sebastian Vettel last time out in Malaysia. It was the Maranello marques first success for almost two years and at least offered hope to neutrals that reigning champion Lewis Hamilton and teammate Nico Rosberg will not have it all their own way. This weekends race at the Shanghai International Circuit however should favour Mercedes given the cooler climes than that of Sepang. Allison is certainly not expecting backtoback Ferrari wins and said Our car has a pretty decent cooling package. The track was also rough and hot which is hard for tyres and were fortunate the car goes well on its tyres. Hamilton celebrates his win in Australia . I dont know about that. Even in free air we wouldnt have held a candle to them there. But we do have a fairly exciting development plan and weve a lot of performance to bring.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has told Lionel Messi that he would like the Argentine star to stay with the club until he retires. Messi who has been with the Catalan giants since the age of 13 was linked with a move away from the Nou Camp earlier this year after a reported falling out with the board. Bartomeu however has reiterated the clubs stance that Messi will always have a place at the Nou Camp. He has a place here until he decides to quit football. Messi who scored his 400th goal for Barca in Saturdays 20 triumph over Valencia is set to play alongside Luis Suarez and Neymar on Tuesday night as Luis Enriques side face their Champions League quarterfinal second leg against Paris SaintGermain. Suarez scored twice after a Neymar opener at the Parc des Princes last week before Gregory van der Wiel gave PSG a glimmer of hope to take into the Nou Camp. Messi talks with Jordi Alba right and Gerard Pique during Barcelonas training session on Monday .
Marion Suge Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attemptedmurder charges. The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January killing one and seriously injuring the other. Los Angeles sheriffs spokeswoman Nicole Nishida says Knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse. She says no further details could be released. Scroll down for video . The judge also reduced bail from 25 million to 10 million. On Thursday morning Knight walked out of court after the hearing. A message sent to Knights attorney Matt Fletcher wasnt immediately returned. I just know I screwed up and Terrys dead. You agree? Yes Sloan said. The rap figure was sentenced to prison in February 1997 for violating terms of that probation by taking part in a fight at a Las Vegas hotel hours before Shakur was fatally wounded in a driveby attack as he rode in Knights car near the Strip. Shakurs slaying remains unsolved.
Controversial plans to spend 3.2million pulling down a 19th century country mansion and building a Butlinsstyle gipsy camp have been approved despite angry protests by neighbours. The cost of the project revealed through a Freedom of Information request has left locals stunned and they now fear their picturesque cottages will be left worthless as they contemplate selling up and leaving the area. Formerly Grade IIlisted Cledford Hall which dates back to 1822 was severely damaged by fire three years ago and its listing was cancelled. Around 100 letters of opposition were handed to the council alongside a petition comprising 500 signatures but they will continue with the plans  which also include a play area  in efforts to put a stop to unauthorised encampments. Can we sell it? Mr Moody beside the house he bought in Cledford as a retirement home. These are not the sort of neighbours that OAPs want opposite them. Three members abstained from voting. I know there has been a lot of public angst and people havent liked it but Im afraid that is going to be the case wherever you would wish to put a transit site.
Pep Guardiola went into Bayern Munichs Champions League secondleg against Porto under intensifying pressure after a 31 defeat in the first encounter. His side responded ruthlessly obliterating Porto  and Guardiolas doubters  with a relentless attacking display and a 61 scoreline at the Allianz Arena to reach the semifinal but it is not just the blistering offensive play that seizes the front pages in Germany on Wednesday. That honour is taken by Guardiolas trousers which tore at the top of his leg during the game. Bild left lead on Pep Guardiolas trousers while Kurier report on a fixed Bayern Munich after beating Porto . Guardiola had a tear in his trousers as he orchestrated Bayerns big win from the sidelines against Porto . It even bursts Peps pants! The reaction in Portugal was much more damming after Portos humiliating demolition. Lequipe lead with a giant evening approaching for Monaco while Barcelona fly into the semis In France Lequipe are building up to Monacos quarterfinal second leg against runaway Serie A leaders Juventus who hold the advantage in tie with a 10 lead.
Cairo CNNAn Egyptian court has sentenced 71 people to life in prison for their role in the August 2013 burning of a Christian church in the Giza province village of Kafr Hakim state news reports. The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob some of whom chanted against Coptic Christians and called for Egypt to become an Islamic state one of at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted that August the advocacy group Human Rights Watch reports. Others attacked included St. George Church in Sohag a city south of Cairo on the Nile River and Prince Tadros Church in Fayoum which is southwest of Cairo according to reports. In addition to those getting life sentences two minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 10000 Egyptian pounds about 1300 Egypts official Egynews reported. Morsy became Egypts first democratically elected president following the ouster of longtime leader Hosni Mubarak. Morsy was pushed out by Egypts military. Christian churches across Egypt stormed torched . Journalist Sarah Sirgany reported from Cairo and CNNs Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta.
A section of Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Barclays Premier League clash in a protest against ticket prices. Supporters from both clubs say they are disgusted at the continuing rise of ticket prices with the protest coming in the aftermath of the announcement of the Premier Leagues 5.14billion TV rights deal with banners held up inside and outside the ground. Fans inside the Emirates Stadium display a banner reading 5bn and what do we get? 64 a ticket. In the pursuit of money football has sold its soul he said. But the tide is turning. Old rivalries are being put aside as fans from all clubs come together. Then were told to sit down shut up.
CNNThe latest outbreak of bird flu  the worst in the U.S. since the 1980s  is not a likely threat to humans reports the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. But as with any potential threat to human health they are preparing for the worst just in case. The CDC and the United States Department of Agriculture held a press conference Wednesday to talk about preparations. The risk to humans is low our food supply is safe said Dr. John Clifford the USDAs Chief Veterinary Officer. We know how to address disease when we find it. On Monday health leaders in Iowa said more than 5 million hens would have to be euthanized after bird flu was detected at a commercial laying facility there. They are studying the current virus and creating candidate vaccines which could be used if one were ever needed. None of the workers have gotten sick themselves. Farmers also see a drop in egg production. With popular backyard birds the USDA suggests people try and protect their animals from coming into contact with wild water fowl that may carry the virus.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to Villarreal defender Mateo Musacchio following his gruesome leg injury. The Argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his sides 11 draw at Getafe in the Primera Division on Sunday. The 24yearold underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid. Villarreals Mateo Musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play . Villarreals Argentinian striker Luciano Vietto also tweeted We share your pain and sadness we will be supporting you all the way. A lot of strength Mateo!!! Musacchio who joined Villarreal from River Plate in 2009 has been limited to just 12 La Liga starts this season because of injuries. The South American recovered from a torn hamstring back in January. Its a difficult time for everyone. I didnt think Mateos injury would be as serious as it is but when I approached the stretcher and I saw that there was so much blood I got frightened.
The polls predict the Lib Dems face a bloodbath on election day with dozens of their MPs fighting for their survival. But the metaphor became all too real for Stephen Gilbert when he was bitten by a dog while campaigning for reelection in Cornwall. He joked that the dog had unresolved anger issues after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand. Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1312 in St Austell and Newquay and Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs on May 7. The animal took a lump out of his right hand as he posted a leaflet through a letterbox. Stephen has been treated at the minor injuries unit at the local hospital this morning and has been bandaged up with a few painkillers. Asked if a seat count in the 30s was realistic the source said Oh yes. There are lots of marginal seats.
Comics at the BBC must go through a lengthy process to get some jokes on air because the Corporation is extrawary about causing offence an editor at the company has claimed. Chris Sussman executive editor for comedy revealed particular jokes have to go through quite a lot of layers to be approved. Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall  alongside editorial policy advisers the channel and legal advisers  before they are aired he said. Sometimes well run something past at script stage if were unsure. The strict rules come after a difficult few years following the Sachsgate scandal where Ross and Brand left lewd messages on Andrew Sachs left voicemail Mr Sussman added. Comedian Frankie Boyle right has previously criticised the BBC about its cautious attitude towards comedy . The messages included lewd comments about Brands relationship with Sachs granddaughter Georgina Baillie. John Lloyd producer of Blackadder and Not the Nine OClock News added that comedy that is not funny could sink the corporation.
More than 30 drunk and disorderly University of Kentucky fans were arrested near the schools Lexington campus Saturday night after the previously undefeated team was kicked out of the NCAA tournament. The Wildcats faced off against the University of Wisconsin Badgers in Saturday nights semifinal game breaking their winning streak with a 7164 loss. Now its Wisconsin heading to Mondays final to play Duke  their first final since 1941. Scroll down for video . Pictures of the anticelebration showed a crowd of more than a thousand people in blue and white setting fires on State Street. Lexington Police Department spokesman Sherelle Roberts says the situation was cleared up by 215am. USA! Authorities say no significant problems occurred during that gathering. Are we gonna win? Trending on Twitter 38andDone. They did to us what weve been doing to other teams all season Calipari said. Kentuckys last best chance came while trailing by three with 12 seconds left. But KarlAnthony Towns received the ball in the post and got fouled. He made only one free throw and from there Wisconsin iced it from the line.
George Osborne was challenged 18 times yesterday to explain where the next Tory government would find the extra 8billion it has promised the NHS. During tense exchanges with the BBCs Andrew Marr the Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for. Scroll down for video . Chancellor George Osborne and Labour Deputy Leader Harriet Harman appearing on BBC1s The Andrew Marr Show . All Im asking is where does it come from? No higher taxes extra public spending cuts? Mr Osborne replied Well its part of our balanced plan. She went to St Pauls Girls school in West London while Mr Osborne attended the boys school. European job hunters would be denied unemployment benefits and forced to leave within six months if they do not find work. They will also be refused child benefit for offspring living anywhere else in Europe. We have to make similar savings each year that we have made for five years of this parliament but for two years.
The first man to serve as White House social secretary Jeremy Bernard is leaving after four years on the job. The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister confirming rumors that Bernard 53 would soon exit the administration. The first lady said in a statement she was lucky to have such a talented individual on my team. I am equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in Jeremy she added. Jeremy will be missed and Barack and I wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors. The former California resident told the Washington Post that he planned to return to The Golden States and hes really looking for some time to think about whats next and spend some quality time with Garbo my rescue beagle. There he met a fundraiser for thenArkansas Governor Bill Clinton Dave Mixner who brought him under his wing and into Clintonland. I was a known quantity. It has also shed the tradition of seating husbands and wives away from each other at dinners. I know I do I just havent yet.
Jailed Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80yearold victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk . A conman has been jailed for stealing a pensioners entire 401000 life savings and using it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon. The 58yearold siphoned off the 400001 fortune over an eightyear period but when he was finally arrested he told police I played him. Sentencing him judge Alan Parker said You plainly saw him as a soft target and you used him and used him and used him. Society demands that you should be punished. He then said his father had died and needed a loan until he inherited 500000  but in fact Franklins father had died 20 years earlier. From there Franklin fabricated sob story after sob story in an attempt to wring ever more cash from the pensioner including tens of thousands more in loans. My financial situation is a disaster he added. At times we have been so short of money to pay for basic food that we have had to search our pockets to get enough for a litre of milk.
He shot to fame as everyones favourite nostril flaring lothario on Made In Chelsea. And now Andy Jordan who was named one of Londons bestdressed men by American GQ is hoping to follow in his fellow costars footsteps and make a name for himself as a fashion designer. Following the lead of Ollie Proudlock and all of the shows ladies Andy has launched his very own line of surfinspired city wear called Jam Industries. Reality TV star Andy also coowns a surf school in Devon where he is an instructor . Our aim is to provide a lifestyle clothing brand inspiring people to get out of the city and get wet at the coast. We believe surfing is not just a sport its a culture and one which doesnt have to be left behind when you leave the beach. There may not be surf in cities but there are definitely surfers.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona against Paris SaintGermain and Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand. The 28yearold joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United and Mundo Deportivo have dedicated their front page to the Spaniard with the headline The Pique Spirit. Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarterfinal match with PSG in the French capital on Wednesday night. Asked whether he remembers the moment he became a Barcelona supporter Pique told UEFA I dont think its a moment its a process. You go to the stadium to watch matches with your family your dad or grandad take you to games every weekend and slowly you start falling in love with the club and its history. Then when I was seven or eight and started playing for the youth team thats when the Baraa colours began to really mean something special to me. There have been many but I would highlight Drogba Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi every day in training!
Porto will need to hit top form to advance against fivetimes champions Bayern Munich on Tuesday despite holding a 31 first leg advantage in their Champions League quarterfinal coach Julen Lopetegui said on Monday. The Spaniard warned Bayern remained lethal even though they were missing several big names including Arjen Robben and David Alaba. We have to produce a great performance against one of the greatest teams in the history of Bayern Lopetegui whose team are unbeaten in the competition this season said. Ricardo Quaresma who scored twice for Porto against Bayern Munich smiles during training on Monday . Bayern are also without Javi Martinez and Mehdi Benatia while winger Franck Ribery looks set to miss the game with a nagging ankle injury. Bruno Martins Indi left and Vincent Aboubakar right lead the way as the Porto squad warm up in Munich . They also have defender Ivan Marcano back from suspension. It will be a very difficult task but we will try to find simple answers Lopetegui said.
CNNOne year after it was perpetrated the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in Nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend Hundreds of teenaged girls just finishing school destined perhaps for significant achievement  kidnapped never to be seen again. This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world the countrys Presidentelect Muhammadu Buhari said Tuesday in marking the anniversary. Today is a time to reflect on the pain and suffering of the victims their friends and families. Our thoughts and prayers and that of the whole Nigerian nation are with you today. The Government Girls Secondary School had been closed for a month because of the danger posed by Boko Haram militants who are opposed to Western education particularly for girls. But students from several schools had been called in to take a final exam in physics. They were between 16 and 18 years old. One year later a few things have changed.
A Canadian adultery website which boasts life is short have an affair is targeting British investors because of the UKs supposed laissez faire attitude to extramarital affairs. Ashley Madison an online dating agency is betting on Europes relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year. Its founder Noel Biderman 43 who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia Ukraine and the Baltic states. Scroll down for video . Only Match.com is bigger. Despite being happily married himself fatheroftwo Mr Biderman who was born in Canada claims infidelity can actually save relationships and believes people use affairs to preserve their marriage. Membership is growing quickest in India South Korea and Japan. Ashley Madisons website allows members to sign up without disclosing personal information such as their name telephone number or home address. Visitors are greeted by a brunette woman with a finger to her lips . The couple have two sons. I would cheat long before I would get a divorce.
Tents crushed by snow belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims this is the chaotic scene after a 7.8magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche on Mount Everest killing 18 people. Before and after images show how the wave of snow ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18000footaltitude base camp on Saturday. The avalanche started on Mount Kumori a 23000foothigh mountain just a few miles from Everest and gathered strength as it tore across the worlds highest peak. Half an hour after the initial quake another magnitude6.6 aftershock hit followed by smaller aftershocks across the region. Eighteen people died in the avalanche including four Americans and 61 were injured according to Nepals mountaineering department. Scroll down for videos . A third American Tom Taplin 61 who owned TET Films  Photography was making a documentary when the earthquake hit NBC News reported. His wife Corey Fryer told the station he died doing what he loved. I was suffocating I could not breathe. But I knew I had to survive. I must have been swept almost 200 meters. I lost consciousness. Then it felt like we were shaking on a huge plate of jelly he said.
Manchester United checked on Lazios Felipe Anderson and Gonzalo Higuain of Napoli on Wednesday night. Anderson set up Lazios winner for Senad Lulic in the Coppa Italia semifinal second leg which sees them face Juventus in the final. The 21yearold Brazilian midfielder has been in strong form this season and has drawn scouts from Paris SaintGermain Manchester City Liverpool and Arsenal with the French champions represented again at the San Paolo stadium. Lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson left plays a pass under pressure from Napolis Marek Hamsik . The Argentine striker has scored 45 goals in two seasons since leaving Real Madrid and he is keen to get back into the Champions League. Napoli will not sell cheaply and value the 27yearold at 40million. Lazio goalkeeper Etrit Berisha thwarts Higuain who is unsettled at Napoli with Rafa Benitez set to leave . Manchester United are keeping tabs on the former Real Madrid forward as they consider a summer offer .
Phil Taylor suffered his fourth loss of the Premier League season with defeat to Dave Chisnall in a dramatic night of darts on Thursday. Taylor the 16time World Champion squandered a 42 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 74. The defeat for Taylor sees the 54yearold finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. Chisnall celebrates after his victory moved him up to second in the table after nine matches of the season . Stephen Bunting 66 Kim Huybrechts . Adrian Lewis 74 Peter Wright . Gary Anderson 66 Raymond van Barneveld . That draw coupled with Lewis win meant that Wright was one of two players to be eliminated from this years tournament  and cruelly so via leg difference. Michael van Gerwen pictured continued his unbeaten record as he swept past James Wade 74 .
Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp for an unlimited period of time if they do not improve between now and the end of the season. Di Laurentiis was furious after his team continued their recent slide by losing 10 at home to Lazio in the second leg of their Coppa Italia semifinal on Wednesday going down 21 on aggregate. The elimination came on top of a run of five Serie A matches without a win which has seen Napoli drop from third place to sixth leaving them with only a faint chance of qualifying for the Champions League next season. Lorenzo Insigne reacts as Napoli lost 10 at home to Lazio on Wednesday and exited the Coppa Italia . Its my decision. I want discipline he continued. I have never failed to pay salaries or even delayed them. You cant say that we havent done enough this season the team has created a lot. We are still alive and kicking we just need a little more accuracy in front of goal.
A heavily pregnant Jehovahs Witness woman and her baby died after she was diagnosed with leukemia but refused a blood transfusion that would probably have saved both of their lives. The 28yearold was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy and doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion. She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multiorgan failure. Her treating haematologist at the Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick Dr Giselle KidsonGerber said the mother understood the risks of her refusal to accept blood. Obviously its a very big ethical issue. Legally in Australia the mother has the right to make decisions on her behalf and her foetuss behalf. Hospital staff were distressed over what were perceived to be two avoidable deaths as 83 percent of pregnant leukemia sufferers go into remission with treatment. When your foetus is in utero it is inextricably tied to your life.
Kevin de Bruynes agent expects to go around the world discussing his client as interest in the Wolfsburg midfielder increases ahead of the summer transfer window. Patrick de Koster who has confirmed that he held talks with Manchester City earlier this season admits that he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the Belgium international as clubs prepare to strengthen their squads before the start of next season. Wolfsburg midfielder has attracted interest from Manchester City Bayern Munich and Paris SaintGermain . De Bruyne tussles with Schalkes Sead Kolasinac during Wolfsburgs 11 draw at the Volkswagen Arena . Speaking to The Guardian De Koster said For the moment there are no formal discussions. I will talk to everybody but Kevin is very very happy with Wolfsburg and the way they have treated him since he arrived from Chelsea last year. Ive never spoken to anyone from Manchester United but a lot of other clubs have been in touch to find out some general information. De Bruyne has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season helping Dieter Heckings side to second place in the Bundesliga table.
On Tuesday SpaceX came incredibly close to landing its Falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the Atlantic. Now leaked footage reveals just how close Elon Musks firm came to success with a closeup view of the daring attempt shot on a GoPro camera. The unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over. A deleted tweet by Musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from stiction in the biprop throttle valve resulting in control system phase lag. This means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine wasnt moving fast enough. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Pictured is the moment of impact. It hopes to separate the engines after launch inflate a heat shield around them and dispatch a helicopter to nab them midair. Billionaire Musk described the event simply as a rapid unscheduled disassembly.
Team Skys Geraint Thomas had to settle for 14th place in an incidentpacked Tour of Flanders as Norwegian Alexander Kristoff took victory in a sprint finish with Hollands Niki Terpstra. With Tom Boonen and Fabian Cancellara  winners of six of the last 10 races here  missing through injury Thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in E3 Harelbeke and thirdplace finish at the GentWevelgem sprint classic. He was in contention for much of Sundays race as Team Sky set the pace in the peloton for lengthy periods but the Welshman was unable to recover ground as Kristoff Team Katusha and Terpstra Etixx  QuickStep launched a late breakaway. Alexander Kristoff celebrates by spraying champagne after winning the Tour of Flanders . Thomas looking to become only the second Briton to win the event after Tom Simpson in 1961 finished in the chasing pack almost a minute back. Incredibly there was another incident involving a support car later on which saw Sebastien Chavanel also knocked off his bike and out of the race.
Real Madrid are keeping tabs on Liverpool contract rebel Raheem Sterling. Bernabeu legend Zinedine Zidane now managing the Spanish giants Castilla BTeam but long tipped for the No 1 role insists the club are looking for the worlds best youngsters to add to their squad. Sterling would certainly fit the bill. The England winger who has netted six times in the Premier League this season is at loggerheads with the Anfield hierarchy over a new deal. He rejected the most recent offer of 100000 a week and has attracted interest from Liverpools Premier League rivals Manchester City and Chelsea. La Liga giants broke the world transfer record in August 2013 by forking out 86million on Bale . Sterlings boss Brendan Rodgers admitted after his sides dismal 41 defeat at Arsenal that Liverpool will have trouble attracting top players without Champions League football. Weve got young players who are growing getting more experience and then hopefully there will be a period where we qualify again. Its highly unlikely this year. I said that before I came into it.
Chelsea will face Paris SaintGermain the French team who knocked Jose Mourinhos side out of the Champions League this season in a preseason friendly in July. The Blues who were sent crashing out on away goals at the last16 stage following a 22 draw at Stamford Bridge will play PSG in North Carolina on July 25. It is one of three games Mourinhos side will feature in across the pond as they gear up to defend a probable Premier League title. New York Red Bulls  July 22  New Jersey . Barcelona  July 28  Washington D.C. Fiorentina  August 5  Stamford Bridge . Im pleased we are able to announce our fixtures for what promises to be an exciting summer said Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck. United reached the final of the 2014 International Champions Cup beating Liverpool 31 in Miami but had travelled about 13500 miles during the twoandahalf week tournament. They played LA Galaxy Roma Inter Milan and Real Madrid before the final with 109318 fans packed inside of The Big House to witness their 31 win against the Spanish giants in Michigan.
Washington Cleveland and Houston all earned 20 leads in their NBA firstround playoff series with victories on Tuesday continuing the previous days pattern. All five of the series that have played two games now stand at 20 with the Wizards Cavaliers and Rockets joining Mondays winners Chicago and Golden State with the early twogame buffer in the bestofseven series. Washingtons 117106 victory at Toronto owed most to John Wall who had 26 points and 17 assists and Bradley Beal who scored 28 points. LeBron James scored 30 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers moved into a 20 lead over the Boston Celtics . Clevelands 9991 win followed their victory at the weekend to put them in a strong position in the tie . Dating back to last year the Wizards have won seven of eight away from home in the postseason. Monta Ellis had 24 points for Dallas which hosts Game 3 on Friday.
A cleanwater advocate took an Earth Day swim in New York Citys polluted Gowanus Canal a site designated by the federal government as especially polluted but quit less than halfway through. Christopher Swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm Wednesday in Brooklyn but completed only twothirds of a mile of the 1.8mile waterway. He swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the waters pollution because the experience was like swimming in a dirty diaper. Swain who has previously swam the Hudson and Columbia Rivers said that cleanup of the Gowanus Canal which was labelled as a Superfund site by the EPA should be accelerated . The activist said Its not safe to swim in there according to Gothamist. It urged anyone who came in contact with the water to seek medical attention immediately if they felt sick. A baby whale once got lost in the canal in 2007 and died within two days . It is particularly filthy after rainstorms .
Aston Villa and Reading have been charged by the Football Association in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their FA Cup quarterfinal matches. It is alleged that Villa and Reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs sixthround victories against West Brom and Bradford respectively. Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge. Reading fans invaded the pitch after the FA Cup quarterfinal replay against Bradford at Madejski Stadium . The Midlands clubs 20 win at Villa Park had to be temporarily stopped as fans spilled onto the pitch towards the end of the game and the fulltime whistle prompted a mass pitch invasion as Tim Sherwoods side booked their place at Wembley. Seats were also thrown from the stand holding West Broms supporters and some Baggies players were confronted by celebrating fans.
Armstrong 26 pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun a baton and knuckle dusters back into the UK from Cyprus in his luggage file picture A holidaymaker who jetted off to Cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun baton and knuckle duster in his luggage. Paul Armstrong 26 of Sunderland flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager. But after a spending spree on the trip Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage. A court heard how the stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to startle and repel. Judge John Milford QC told Newcastle Crown Court The general public need to be warned about the gravity of bringing home such souvenirs. What he did was foolish. It is highly undesirable that they should be in circulation in this country. Judge Milford added He had an extremely good job lined up.
Fabio Capello claimed John Terry is still Englands best defender and maintained he should never have been stripped of his captaincy. Speaking about the Terry race row for the first time since leaving his post as England manager Capello said England would be in a much stronger position if they still had the Chelsea stalwart at their disposal. I think John is Englands best defender and they have not got a lot of defenders said Capello It is better to have a player like John than not have him. The Italian was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand the brother of then England teammate Rio during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011. But they had already decided before I asked. Chelsea captain Terry who has 78 England caps retired from international football in September 2012 . No hes not guilty its good you can play with the national team and I dont understand why you dont play.
CNNThis is a difficult but necessary thing to say Incidents of policeinvolved killings and assaults on unarmed AfricanAmericans are unlikely to end soon. Thats partly because police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a moment. And its also because we have not yet shown the resolve needed to end it. This is a reality we must face if we are going to reverse course from what has become a national crisis. So what makes now different? The loss of that confidence threatens the very foundation of our legal system. Policing is a job passed down through families in which law enforcement norms and narratives are shared around the dinner table as much as in the station house. To subvert that culture will require vigorous targeted and consistent training. How? By conditioning federal funds on compliance with federal standards. They undoubtedly exist. There must be zero tolerance for racism brutality and corruption in police departments. That thinking reflects a spirit of adventure he told me rather than a spirit of service.
8000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . Noreen Spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal.
Actress Julia LouisDreyfus has revealed that the ultrashort hairstyle she models in the newest season of HBOs political comedy Veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Speaking in the latest issue of Marie Claires careeroriented supplement Work the 54yearold who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years while also leaping to the politicians defense. Which is remarkable when you consider what it is she does. Scroll down for video . In my limited experience I would say that female politicians can be a bit more forthcoming open. I dont think were all so likable all the time she explained. Happy couple Julias husband writer and director Brad Hall showed his support for his wife at the event . Lets cut her hair and see what happens and if it doesnt look good thats OK and if it does look good thats OK. Fans of former Seinfeld star Julia are also buzzing about her upcoming reunion with Jerry Seinfeld.
Denmarks Crown Princess Mary might have wowed in a succession of evening gowns last week but Sunday was all about lowkey family time for the Australianborn royal. Mary 43 treated her three youngest children Princess Isabella seven and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent four to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge a village in Zealand. Making the most of the sunny weather the quartet certainly appeared to be having fun with all four crouching down to pet a tiny Holstein Friesian calf. Scroll down for video . The visit which was part of Denmarks annual Eco Day celebrations came days after royals from around Europe descended on Copenhagen for Queen Margrethe IIs 75th birthday celebrations. Kicking off with a glitzy gala dinner last Wednesday night festivities continued with a balcony appearance and parade through the Danish capital the following day. Still climbing Prince Vincent watches the action from his perch half way up a gate . Country skills The Princess and her children also tried their hand at milking albeit not on a real cow . No photos!
Mustafa Kamals resignation as International Cricket Council president has been accepted it was confirmed after the governing bodys quarterly meeting. Bangladeshi politician Kamal resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his countrys World Cup quarterfinal defeat against India in Melbourne last month. Kamals remarks were described at the time as unfortunate by ICC chief executive David Richardson. Kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in Bangladeshs World Cup defeat to India . After a meeting in Dubai on Thursday the ICC clarified that there will be no immediate replacement for Kamal in a role which is largely ceremonial under its updated constitution. The full council of the ICC will consider the appointment of Mr Najam Sethi as ICC president when it meets in Barbados at the end of June.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards and has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the main prizes. The West Brom midfielder has chosen Tottenham striker Kane for the top award while Chelsea wideman Hazard is Mulumbus pick for young player of the year. The Baggies player posted an image of his voting slip to Twitter on Wednesday and asked his followers What do u sic think?! Mulumbu challenges QPR defender Yun SukYoung during West Broms 41 defeat at The Hawthorns . Goalkeeper Hugo Lloris . Defenders Nathaniel Clyne John Terry Jose Fonte Cesar Azpilicueta . Midfielders Yannick Bolasie Alexis Sanchez Nemanja Matic Eden Hazard . Strikers Harry Kane Diego Costa .
The possession police are out in force and Jose Mourinho is the Premier Leagues Most Wanted. The football purists are foaming at the mouth  how can this Portuguese pretender dare to win games without wanting the football? Woah there just hang on a moment. Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelseas lack of possession during their 10 win over Man United . And so does Louis van Gaal. Andre Schurrles goal against Burnley after a sublime pass from Cesc Fabregas was a highlight of the season . It wasnt his only example of genius since August. When fit Diego Costas strength movement and finishing have been a joy to watch. Chelsea forward Eden Hazard left dribbles with the ball ahead of Manchester Untieds Wayne Rooney right Oscar second left scores against Swansea as Chelsea run riot at the Liberty Stadium in January . Chelsea were 40 in front at the break by which time Willian had also hit the bar twice. But Mourinhos men have taken us to heaven enough times this season to keep the critics off their backs.
Two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a midair collision over the Arabian Sea. One of the carriers involved Dubaibased Emirates referred to the apparent nearmiss as an air traffic control incident in a statement on Wednesday. Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabibased Etihad Airways would say how close the two planes came to each other. Both carriers have recently rerouted flights to the archipelago nation to avoid Yemeni airspace due to fighting there. Emirates says its flight EK709 was returning from the Indian Ocean island nation of Seychelles when the incident occurred in airspace controlled from Mumbai India. Safety is Etihad Airways number one priority. At no point was the aircraft passengers or crew at risk. All Emirates aircraft are equipped with onboard instrumentation so that crew are alerted in a timely manner of all surrounding traffic.
Currently showing in cinemas the new documentary Montage of Heck claims to offer the most intimate glimpse yet into the life of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain. But one Los Angeles resident can offer fans an even more intense taste of the singers life by letting them sleep in his house. Cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.s Fairfax district during the height of Nirvanamania. Scroll down for video . The graffiti however has long since disappeared . Now its current owner Brandon Kleinman 31 has listed it on Airbnb. At the time Kurt was focused on song writing and his artwork much of which was created in the apartment. One of four homes inside a 1920s building it offers a large living room with seating a dining area and a small but fully stocked kitchen. I want to see if theres a way to get under the layered paint to see what he painted under there. Thats why they moved out.
CNNMarvel Comics superhero Hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. Hes also got a secret supertalent at singing Ed Sheeran parodies. The Avengers character played by Jeremy Renner was a guest on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills. Billboard Jimmy Fallon hits hot 100 with Ew! featuring will.i.am . Listen Ive got powers too and theyre pretty sweet. I promise I can do so much more than just archery he crooned to a reworked version of Thinking Out Loud. Those talents were told include his collection of scarves and berets his abilities on the trombone and he can open a pickle jar. Nope Thor would definitely thump him in a fight. Watch the clip below . 2015 Billboard. All Rights Reserved.
CNNJackson Gordon is no ordinary 21yearold. By day he is an industrial design student at Philadelphia University but Gordon has another side to him  a side altogether darker tougher and more enigmatic. Hanging in his workshop Gordon has a full suit of armor plating cape and cowl  matte black and built to stop a knife. You might expect his origin story to be cloaked in mystery but speaking to CNN Gordon is quick to explain how the transformation took place. Gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay. Previously Id been involved with costume making... Id made a version of the Batsuit from Christopher Nolans Dark Knight Trilogy and I really liked that suit Gordon says. But as elaborate as his design was it lacked the functionality or the authenticity of the genuine article. I was frustrated every time I wore it Gordon explains. Striking such a balance required expensive materials and they didnt come cheap. Gordon therefore fired up a Kickstarter campaign. The jackets have received particular attention. Perhaps because of their versatility and the small matter of copyright issues those that go on sale will not feature the iconic bat symbol.
Two armed robbers have been caught on camera using a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way into a jewellery shop. The raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike. A passerby captured photographs of the two criminals and police have now appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders. The attempted breakin took place in Pemberton a suburb of Wigan in Greater Manchester on Saturday afternoon. It caused a lot of commotion and I have no doubt there are lots of potential witnesses who saw what happened and could have vital information for us. We now need to find those responsible so I would again urge anyone who witnessed this appalling attempted robbery to come forward.
A 28yearold teacher has been charged after she allegedly exchanged multiple nude pictures and videos with a 14yearold student she began texting when he was just 12. Whitney Fetters from Putnam City Oklahoma turned herself into cops in February after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting 10000 bail. On Wednesday Oklahoma County prosecutors charged her with one count of soliciting sex with a minor and one count of possession of marijuana. The Spanish teacher who has since lost her job at Hefner Middle School allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was housesitting so they could get high and have sex. Scroll down for video . Court documents cited by News9 earlier this year indicated the victim sent the first sexually explicit message telling Fetters he thought she was hot with a partially nude photo of the boy. When two school principals approached him during a school sporting event he allegedly deleted the explicit photos and videos but police were able to recover them.
The death of a toddler in central west NSW is being treated as suspicious by police. The 20monthold boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on March the 23rd and was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services where he was pronounced dead. Forensic officers attended the property on Merrygoen Rd in Neilrex on Wednesday where they executed a crime scene warrant. Police strongly believe that there are members of the Neilrex community which is 60 kilometres south of Coonabarabran that can help them with their investigation. Detective Inspector Cameron Whiteside said it was not the time to speculate or develop theories. This is a very serious matter...this is the death of a young child a toddler he said. Officers are appealing to the public for any information about the incident.
You might think that youre saving yourself some smart dollars by opting for the cheaper alternatives of everyday household items sold at two dollar stores but an environmental specialist has warned that you could actually be making your family sick. From bargain bath mats and kitchen utensils to fun knickknacks like silly straws and childrens stickon jewellery hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases. Australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies Nicole Bijlsma said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin . Kids have a very high hand to mouth ratio and are putting things in their mouth all the time. Additional harmful substances found in the products included polyvinyl chloride plastic also known as PVC or vinyl and packaging chemical bisphenolA also known as BPA. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. The system is based on just doing spot checks here and there but it doesnt happen with every product she said. Its not good enough.
Arrested Ashley Doody was arrested on Sunday after allegedly attacking the family dog with a kitchen knife . A 30yearold motheroftwo allegedly high on bath salts stabbed her family dog with a kitchen knife because she thought it was possessed by demons according to police in Maine. Aroostook County Sheriffs Office responded to a home in Perham on Sunday and found Ashley Doody acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior. They discovered that Doody who is a nurse had attacked her mixedbreed dog Trixie. She has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19. State animal welfare agents have been notified of the attack and already Doody has been banned from any access to pets in the future. Since the beginning of the month Doody has been posting selfhelp and lifeaffirming messages to her Facebook page such as Until youve lived my life walked my path suffered my pain and seen what Ive seen I could care less about your judgements.
Police are now urging witnesses of a middleaged womans offensive public transport tirade at a Muslim woman to come forward after Daily Mail Australia published video of the incident. Stacey Eden 23 stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter bullying the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train around 140pm on Wednesday afternoon. In her recording of the incident Ms Eden is heard fuming She wears it her hijab for herself OK! Exactly! Lol. Daniel.Piotrowskimailonline.com .
Everton will look to extend Darron Gibsons contract this summer as he recovers from the latest injury setback of his career. Everton midfielder Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal . The 27yearold was signed by David Moyes in January 2012 and has 12 months remaining on his current deal but his manager is already looking at his situation. Coming back from that sort of injury you dont reach 100 per cent for a long time. But when hes been on the pitch hes performed really well. We are going to see him. If he is fully fit for preseason that would be fantastic. At one point it looked very likely. Everton have put together their best sequence of results in the Barclays Premier League in over a year . Within football when you face an opposition losing or winning doesnt affect players said Martinez.
During a recent episode of Divorce Court a disgruntled man said the members of WuTang Clan did something with his girlfriend  and it wasnt unleashing their famed Killa Beez. Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex Lia Palmquist and accused her of sleeping with every member of the WuTang Clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show. That would mean Palmquist had sex with the RZA the GZA Ghostface Killah Masta Killa UGod Inspectah Deck Raekwon Cappadonna and Method Man. The tenth member of the Wu Ol Dirty Bastard is dead so he wasnt involved no matter what. ODB is no longer alive . Sellers quickly fired back She did. They treated me highly respectful. I would never cheat on him. Its unclear who Judge Lynn believed but she did say Palmquist engaged in bustdown behavior. It read The two met at a Halloween party where Lia was dressed as Lil Kim and Nathan was dressed as Hello Kitty. Lia says things were good for the first few years they dated until Nathan moved six hours away to attend school.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight champion title on Saturday night controlling Kyoji Horiguchi for nearly the entire fiveround bout before scoring the latest submission win in UFC history  tapping out his opponent with a second left. I didnt want to be stupid and get knocked out Johnson said. I had 25 minutes. I just took my time and with 1 second left I figured I better finish him. Johnson celebrates after a successful defence of his title at th Bell Centre in Canada on Saturday . The American secured a submission victory over Horiguchi in the latest UFC payperview event . Quinton Rampage Jackson right beat Fabio Maldonado of Brazil to win his first bout since 2011 . It was oneway traffic until the final round and the 23yearold challenger was simply overwhelmed by the more experienced champ.
Muhammad Naviede 60 pictured outside the Old Bailey in 1995 was killed instantly in a plane crash . A banking fraudster with links to Cherie Blair was killed instantly in a plane crash minutes after he sent a text saying his aircraft was going down an investigation has revealed. Muhammad Naviede who was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a 45million fraud died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire. The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text  something the AAIB said would require considerable dexterity. The girls initially auditioned for the fourth series as solo artists but judge Louis Walsh told them to reaudition as a band and they made it to the live shows where they came fifth. Investigators suggested that two minutes later he still had at least control of lateral flight. He did not book out to any other destination. Although somewhat unusual this may be explained by the need to recharge the aircraft battery.
CNNTwo Transportation Security Administration screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver International Airport Denver police said. Heres how police say the scheme worked When the male TSA officer noticed a man he found attractive he would alert a female TSA officer. The female officer would then tell the screening machine that a female passenger  not a male  was walking through. But during the patdown the male TSA officer used the palms of his hands to touch the passengers front groin area and buttocks which violates TSA policy. Former TSA agent sentenced for recording coworker . Higgins watched the plan being carried out on February 9. Authorities did not release their names. Giant security gap at airports Lack of criminal background checks . These alleged acts are egregious and intolerable the agency said in a written statement to CNN. But its unlikely criminal charges will be filed because there is no identifiable victim. Hidden cameras reveal airport workers stealing from luggage . CNNs Tony Marco contributed to this report.
Smartly dressed in a bowler hat and waistcoat these civilians may look like respectable members of society in Edwardian England. In fact they were the drunkards banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes including drinkdriving a steam engine riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of complete incompetence. They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898. The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. Scroll down for video . Elsewhere 18yearold William Handley was sentenced to eight months hard labour and oneyears police supervision for stealing a dead duck and a teapot. Haggard Just 38 Eliza Fallon looked a lot older than her years when she was arrested for drunkenness . Records reveal how offenders came from a variety of backgrounds such as metal cutters grease merchants labourers and hawkers. Many had aliases  suggesting criminal careers  while others had scars or physical handicaps ranging from Kate Kibbles one eye to cut marks on faces broken noses and missing fingers. Some however lived perfectly respectable lives  until they walked through the door of their local watering hole.
Secretary of State John Kerry is delusional if he expected to claim the Iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they didnt and get away with it says the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee John McCain. I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldnt say much about it the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program. McCain responding to the supreme leader of Irans proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is instant said he had sympathy for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei because Kerry must have known what the perimeters were for a longterm accord and yet chose to interpret it in another way. He shouldnt Earnest added. And the presidents deputy national security adviser told reporters traveling with the administration abroad that its very clear and understood that sanctions relief will be phased. The president has said if the details dont bear out we wont have a deal. Khamenei further stated Iran would not allow an unconventional inspection or monitoring. This is clearly a treaty.
We have had cereal cafes a porridge popup and a toastie restaurant so it should come as no surprise that London is about to get yet another singleitem menu eaterie. The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls served with different toppings and fruit accompaniments. The Native Acai Berry Bowl is topped with bananas granola raisin and honey . Courgette lime sour cherries and strawberries in the Oshun Tang right The fruit bowls include Oshun Native made with acaí pulp banana and honey The Oshun Tang made with courgette lime sour cherries and acai pulp the Oshun Kong featuring acaí pulp banana lemongrass ginger coriander and honey and the Oshun Maya with acaí pulp raw cacao cinnamon orange and avocado. For hundreds of years the small dark berries have been integral to the diet of native Amazonian people. The cafe is open from seven days a week . Melt Room which only serves toasties  or melts as they are known  will open in Soho London in May . We cant get our hands on enough fresh baps because everything flies out of the door Mr McMenamin said.
Its truly squeaky bum time in the Premier League relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams. Sportsmail asks some of the managers in and among the dog fight what they feel is required for them to avoid the drop this season. CHRIS RAMSEY QPR If we win three games I think we will stay up. It might take less. Im not saying thats the definitive amount  but we really need to start winning starting with this weekend. Weve done alright. Nothings been achieved yet. Something was probably a little bit missing previously. I want to make sure that I dont take my foot off pedal. Tim Sherwood left believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . If it applies a bit more pressure on other sides around us fine also. Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson right hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley . Its a slightly different twist. Others are scared of relegation.
Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend. This season like so many in recent years has been a frustrating one at St James Park and that has led some fans to take action when Spurs arrive on Sunday. A number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner Mike Ashley which is likely to lead to a peculiar atmosphere in the north east. It will certainly make it an interesting test for Pochettinos side as they look to recover from some disappointing recent results of their own. Maybe sometimes the players are scared and run more than all season. You never know in football how it can affect all the decisions around the team. We always want to win and we are ambitious but always we need to have a very good mood. Former Argentina international Jonas Gutierrezs recovery following a battle with cancer and his return to topflight football has inspired many. I am very happy for him Pochettino said. This is real life.
A skier in Switzerland proved that his dog is certainly his best friend when he brought it along to a snowy slope for a day of skiing. Videoed descending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair Adrian Schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift. The dog named Sintha appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners shoulders . Once at the top Mr Schaffner points his skis down the mountain and takes off at speed with the dog remaining calmly sat on his back. Discussing the video Mr Schaffner wrote She grew up on a farm in the mountains pretty wild and more or less without any supervision. And she had severe problems with walking because of an accident with a biker when she was about fiveweeksold. After some months her injuries completely healed  but we kept trying to prevent long walks in her first year  the doctor advised so.
After Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 the organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire. Once the animals are done in the ring theyll be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed 200acre area of Polk County in central Florida. Some of the Asian Elephants will live out their postperformance lives in the center while other will be used for breeding. Scroll down for video . The population of animal has decreased to between 25000 and 32000 from its 100000 population over the last century. Zoos dont chain elephants and the American Veterinary Medical Association advises against it Delciana Windners PETA general counsel told FOX. TB is highly transmissible from elephants to humans even without direct contact. PETA released information earlier this year stating that at least since 2010 Ringling has had elephants test positive for the human strain of tuberculosis .
Sam Allardyce is already making plans for the summer and next season with West Ham but admits he still does not know whether he will be manager. Allardyces contract expires at the end of the season and his future at the club under coowners David Gold and David Sullivan remains unsure. West Ham have already beaten their total in the Barclays Premier League season last year by two points with seven games to spare but a run of poor form in 2015 has led to speculation Allardyce will be shown the exit. West Ham defender James Collins reacts after his side lost 21 to bottom of the league Leicester last week . We sat down yesterday and planned out when we come back where were going to go who were going to play so thats all been not fully evolved yet but certainly plans are in place for that. But I dont see that any other way when youre in my position that youre contracted to a football club you do the job that youre paid to do. West Ham face Stoke City on Saturday as both sit on 42 points from 31 games.
On trial Former Ukip MEP Ashley Mote pictured arriving at Londons Southwark Crown Court today is accused of a string of fraudrelated offences . A former Ukip MEP fraudulently claimed almost 500000 in European Parliament expenses  using some of it to fund his domestic court battles a court heard today. He denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between November 2004 and July 2010. Jonathan Davies prosecuting said that as an MEP Mote could claim expenses including a Parliamentary Assistance Allowance or Secretarial Allowance to help fund his work. Jurors heard that two of the organisations had previously campaigned against UK membership of the European Union. They were the Better Off Out Fund Boof and Direct Action Resistance To Tyranny Dartt. Its not quite half a million pounds but its not far short. Mote was elected a Ukip MEP for South East England in 2004 but shortly before he actually took up his seat was thrown out of Nigel Farages party because he was being prosecuted by the Department for Work and Pensions for benefit fraud. This is going to incur legal costs.
A mayoral candidate has bungee jumped from a bridge where his ancestor plummeted 160ft to his death for a drunken bet worth just a sixpence. Dave Roberts who is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough followed in his greatgreatuncle Daniel McAllisters footsteps by leaping off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees. However instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago  Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a childrens charity. The 50yearold former TV and radio presenter from Marton Middlesbrough said I thought it was going to be sheer terror but I actually really enjoyed it. I had a good moment just before the jump. I said Daniel this ones for you. I am going to collect your winnings. He died on May 4 1913 at the age of 30. Then we found a 1899 marriage certificate of Daniels sister Emily which opened a new route and this finally provided the link we needed.
CNNThe Tulsa County reserve deputy who fatally shot a man instead of using his Taser turned himself in to authorities Tuesday at the Tulsa County Jail. Video shows Reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser after an undercover weapons sting on April 2 but then shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun. Bates was charged with seconddegree manslaughter Monday. He surrendered Tuesday morning accompanied by his attorney Clark Brewster and immediately posted bail of 25000. As he exited the jailhouse Bates paused in front of television cameras for a moment but did not speak. The Tulsa County Sheriffs Office says a sting operation caught Harris illegally selling a gun. That manpower should have been enough to arrest him he said. Harris relatives are demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality. Were putting our faith in God that justice will be served and we can get some closure in this situation. The family said that the sheriff has not apologized and that the department has not shown remorse or indication it will change its policies.
Patterns appearing on both the very large and very small scale are rare in nature. But researchers have found such a pattern in two apparently unrelated places  cells in human skin and the mysterious fairy circles in Namibia. While the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random as if the landscape is marked with freckles the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells. Its a completely amazing strange match said Professor Robert Sinclair head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University OIST in Japan. Desert fairy circles are considered one of natures greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form. Several teams of scientists are trying to explain the bizarre markings and suggestions have included termites nibbling grass zebras rolling in circles competition for resources hydrocarbons emanating from the depths of the earth to kill off patches of vegetation and even aliens. They used satellite images of fairy circles and a computer to draw lines halfway between each pair to give them invisible boundaries that look similar to cell walls. There must be particularly strong regulating forces at work Dr Getzin said.
Detectives probing the murders of a Playboy bunny and a 16yearold schoolgirl 40 years ago have offered a 40000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice. Eve Stratford a 22yearold glamour model who worked at Londons Playboy club was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home on the evening of 18 March 1975. Six months later Lynne Weedon 16 was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in Hounslow at 11pm on September 3 as she returned from a night out with friends. She was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity substation the next morning and died a week later. Both murders were linked in July 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims who did not know each other. It appears the motive was sexual  Lynne had been raped and it is likely Eve had also been raped although detectives havent been able to rule out consensual sex. We are well aware that whoever murdered Lynne also murdered Eve Stratford. Another true life sentence. The hurt eases but the pain still sits deep somewhere inside. So many thoughts. Please please give us some sort of closure.
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about his daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted I dunno what the hell I am going through right now but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it. In an emotional outburst during a concert Bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughters ongoing battle for her life. . Unresponsive On January 31 Bobbi Kristina Brown was found unresponsive in her bathtub. Shes been in a coma ever since . After his drawnout introduction Bobby looking tired from performing dance moves choked up as he said I must tell yall. This feels really really really good. Panting and sounding frustrated There is only one thing I ask of you all tonight and that is enjoy yourselves. I got marinades and all kind of s coming out. He then corrected himself Excuse my French baby girl. Back to work Browns pregnant wife Alicia Etheredge was also at the food festival selling Bobby Browns BBQ sauce . Even though he doesnt want to go the promoters are holding the distraught father to his contractual obligation TMZ reports.
Britains heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring  and the warm weather is set to last with the country predicted to be hotter than Ibiza Athens and Barcelona tomorrow. Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off with the balmy conditions set to continue. The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C 70F tomorrow with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week. Scroll down for video . Beach bums Two sunbathers take advantage of the hot weather as they bask in the sunshine in Old Portsmouth Hampshire . Hot dog A woman and her canine companion enjoy a stroll in Green Park London where temperatures could hit 21C tomorrow . In April we usually potter around and find our feet but this year it has been really busy. Children want to but adults wont let them. Caught napping Taylor Messenger was rudely awoken by friends Gabrielle Thompson and Harriet Crosby who threw a bucket of cold sea water over him as he slept on the beach at Scarborough .
A celebrated Texasborn hunter was crushed to death by a baby elephant in Zimbabwe as he tried to measure its ivory tusks for an American client. Ian Gibson 55 was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts who would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in South Africa. On Wednesday he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in Zimbabwes Zambezi Valley when the animal charged and knelt on Gibson until he died. His American client who was also present has not been identified. The Dallas Safari Club is paying for Gibsons funeral. Despite only having one leg Gibson was described by fans as fit and strong. The scene was very graphic the statement read. Twitter users were widely pitiless with hundreds of animal rights supporters commenting that he got what he deserved. Gibsons trackers wrote on AfricaHunting.com We know Gibbo shot it once from about 10 yards away with a 458 rifle. Past estimates of Africas elephant population have ranged from 420000 to 650000.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi illustrated as a platypus dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of features . These features are more like those seen on longneck dinosaurs. The dinosaur has been likened to a platypus which is one of the most unusual creatures in the animal kingdom because its one of very few mammal to lay eggs has venomous spurs and a paddleshaped tail like a beaver as well as webbed feet and a bill like a duck among other idiosyncrasies. The presence of herbivorous theropods was up until now only known in close relatives of birds but Chilesaurus illustrated left shows that a meatfree diet was acquired much earlier than thought. Here a palaeontologist painstakingly excavates the fossils . This is the conclusion scientists came to after constructing a detailed family tree of dinosaurs and their bird descendants mapping their unlikely transformation . Lead author Associate Professor Michael Lee from the University of Adelaide said Birds evolved through a unique phase of sustained miniaturisation in dinosaurs. They used mathematical modelling to trace evolving adaptions and changing body size over time and across dinosaur branches.
Chelsea defender Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the Ballon dOr. Zouma has impressed at the heart of the Chelsea defence this season and proved his versatility by seemlessly switching into a holding midfield role when called upon this term. And while his career remains firmly in its infancy he hopes he can emulate the likes of his compatriot World Cup winner Marcel Desailly. Zouma challenges Marouane Fellaini during Chelseas 10 Premier League win against Manchester United . Speaking to Canal he said I think about it. It is a dream for me. I am somebody who dreams. He is a football legend. I have only just arrived on the scene and I have a lot to prove.
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun. In a scene worthy of a Stan Lee comic a man allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them get ready to die. Just then a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the mans hands allowing the teens to escape. Argued The three argued in a parking lot photographed with West pushing the boys and eventually slapping one . West was arrested and charged with menacing harassment assault and unlawful use of a weapon the Journal reports. Mystery Rider The boys say they didnt get a good look at the rider but the Marion County Sheriffs office is asking the public to help identify the friendly neighborhood motorcyclist stock image
Just last month she was unveiled as the face of Garnier Ambre Solaire No Streaks Bronzer Self Tan range and is currently busy working on her new TV projects but theres just no stopping Michelle Keegan. The pintsized brunette is clearly keen to prove that theres no end to her talents  by designing yet another range for Lipsy. The actress and model has given fans a sneak peak of her stunning summer range ahead of the launch on Wednesday  and you can expect stunning summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals. Scroll down for video . The former Coronation Street star whose collections have been a stellar success for the brand has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans exactly what they want for the warmer months. Michelle says her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she simply cleanses tones and moisturises every day and treats herself to a facial every other week to rehydrate her skin . Next I moisturise all over and then use Garnier Dry Body Mist all over my body including the underside of my arms. I am also in talks for another film so fingers crossed it will go well.
Help for Heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep World War II veteran Robert Clark in his own home after a London council refused to pay for his ongoing care. Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a livein carer to stay with the 96yearold former prisoner of war despite the fact that Mr Clark spent his 50000 life savings on contributing to his care. Now the council want to move Mr Clark from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home because they claim it is cheaper. Scroll down for video . The JustGiving paged more than half of the 5000 target within a couple of hours of it going live this morning . We will do everything we can to ensure Robbie gets the support he deserves. Mrs Clark died in 2010 aged 91. Now a greatgreatgrandfather and one of Britains oldest surviving PoWs Mr Clark is registered blind deaf in one ear and is dependent on a wheelchair.
The scene in the Old Government House Hotel could not be further removed from the horrors of war. There is a soft swell of conversation as afternoon tea is served a clink of cutlery on crockery the discreet burble of tea being poured into china cups. Somewhere outside the clouds part and light floods the lounge. Invading officers would have stalked its corridors. This is no small feat. But so can the joy that liberation brought. Other echoes resound across St Helier. Jersey tourist information www.jersey.com .
When a man arrived at a hospital in India complaining of a stomach ache doctors suspected it might be a runofthemill case of food poisoning or an ulcer. However they were amazed to find the man had actually swallowed hundreds of coins and nails. Over a three year period Rajpal Singh 34 had swallowed 140 coins 150 nails and a handful of nuts bolts and batteries. He had also gulped down screws nails and magnets. The image shows an Xray with the mass of metal objects shown in white in his stomach . The endoscopy is pictured . Mr Singh a farmer from Bathinda in Indias western state of Punjab said his bizarre habit began after he fell into a depression and eating metal objects brought him comfort. Doctors have told me those sharp objects would have punctured my intestine and I would have eventually died. I feel much more relaxed now. I am never going to do this again.
A Canadian prostitute says that she wishes other people wouldnt make her feel so ashamed of working in the sex industry  because she actually really enjoys her job. Celine Bisette who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career insists she is neither damaged nor deranged  that in fact she rather enjoys being a prostitute and its only the social stigma surrounding her career choice that leaves her feeling unhappy. I am embarrassed to be a sex worker even though I like my job Im good at it and Ive made exceptional progress in my career over the past few years she wrote in a recent essay for xoJane. First Celine would like everyone to abandon whatever assumptions theyve made about prostitutes. She claims that she didnt have an abusive childhood shes not a hypersexual nympho and she isnt uneducated. Then as a 19yearold college sophomore she found herself in need of a way to pay for school. So I might as well just keep going right? I wish Id known what I was getting myself into before I jumped into this line of work she said.
Los Angeles CNNFormer rap mogul Marion Suge Knight was ordered Thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hitandrun confrontation on the movie set of the biopic Straight Outta Compton earlier this year. In addition to that ruling Judge Ronald Coen also lowered Knights bail to 10 million from 25 million a figure that defense lawyers called excessive. The judge also dismissed one of the two counts of hitandrun against Knight. Knight 49 faces up to life in prison if convicted. In a press conference after the hearing fiancee Toi Kelly said regarding Knights health that he is doing much better. Killed was Terry Carter 55. The vehicle is then seen zooming forward back into camera range running over Sloan a second time and then running over a second man Carter a former rap music label owner. Theres no intent to kill theres an intent to survive. Sloan needed immunity because he was the actual aggressor Fletcher said. The incident is the latest runin with the law for Knight who founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 and signed artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg now known as Snoop Lion and Tupac Shakur.
An English photographer has traveled all over the world  and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera. John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes including grassy fields in England major US cities and sandy beaches in Australia. Chapple originally from North Devon first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography his website says. Scroll down for video . Quite the view! Dried up Desert shrubbery is seen as sun touches down on mountains in Mojave California . Pathway Chapple spied this structure in Queensland Australia . He also used a 50 megapixel digital Hasselblad and a top of the range 1DS Canon digital camera. Right now its something that I love doing and squeeze into my hectic life when I can. Theres nothing greater professionally than being paid to do what you love. Mystery Light peers through trees in an Oregon forest . Funnily enough I failed art in school Cosmopolitan No stranger to inclement weather Seattles skyscrapers are seen underneath dark skies . Where does it go? Wide open spaces Chappel takes photographs with a Linhof Technorama 617s III . Isolation?
This is the surreal moment a dog takes the reins and literally drags his owner out for a walk. Dashcam footage shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking shows a giant St. Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind. It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind. As the canine scampers along his passenger holds tightly to a leash. Two men watching the bizarre scene from their car are heard chuckling in the background. Theyre forced to slow down to avoid hitting the animal and human train. Once the dog reaches the other side of the road it makes its way over a muddy verge. At that point the boy gets up and stumbles forwards. According to the video time stamp the incident took place on March 3 just past 5pm. Ready for walkies?
This is the dramatic moment a brave village watchman fought off a wild leopard armed with only a stick in India. The incident took place in Olani village four kilometres from Manpur in central India and was recorded by terrified villagers from the relative safety of hut rooftops. To try and protect his fellow villagers the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon. Watched on by a crowd of bystanders the ward beats the leopard twice on the head as it tries to slash him with its claws . After a few terrifying seconds the leopard  inches away from the mans bare feet  eventually runs off . Mahendra Sharma a school teacher said Even the armed forest officials seldom muster courage to fight a beast. According to local media the man did not suffer any serious injuries as a result of his deathdefying encounter. In last years Indian elections rural communities blamed the government for placing them at risk of leopard attacks by failing to provide basic infrastructure such as electrical lighting and street lighting.
Almost 50 people a year die of skin cancer after being exposed to the sun at work in the UK research shows. It found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction agriculture and leisure. A separate study also commissioned by the Institution of Occupational Safety and Health found there was a macho culture in some parts of the construction industry with two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were. The institution urged businesses to improve sun safety for example by minimising workers exposure in the middle of the day. More than half 59 of those questioned reported having had sunburn  a major contributor to skin cancer  at least once in the last year. While using highfactor sunscreen is helpful it should not be relied on as the only barrier to the harmful rays employers are advised.
Three police officers have been sent forward for trial after being accused of stealing bundles of notes worth 30000 from the home of a suspected criminal. Detective Sergeant Stephen Phillips 46 and police constables Christopher Evans 37 and Michael Stokes 34 are all facing charges of theft by a serving police officer. Cardiff Crown Court heard that the three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the forces professional standards department. Philips of Winch Wen Swansea Evans of Llangennech Carmarthenshire and Stokes from Glynneath were released on bail following todays hearing to return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Washington CNNThe U.S. said Tuesday that deploying warships to Yemen to monitor nearby Iranian vessels has given America options for how it could react to Irans behavior in the region. The warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen U.S. officials told CNN saying the move was also meant to reassure allies in the region. By having American sea power in the region we have created options for ourselves said Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren. He noted that the nine ships in the Iranian convoy were cargo ships but he declined to specify what they were carrying beyond containers. International officials are concerned that Iran could surreptitiously attempt to transfer weaponry to the Houthis. Were not sending them obscure messages we send them very direct messages about it Obama said. Earlier this month a U.S. Navy ship consensually boarded a Panamanianflagged vessel suspected of trafficking people drugs or weapons. Nothing was found. McCain blamed President Barack Obamas foreign policy for the deteriorating situation. It is a symptom of our failure throughout the Middle East. CNNs Jim Acosta Frederik Pleitgen Theodore Schleifer and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.
The Rubiks Cube has puzzled the minds of millions for decades with most people giving up before ever coming close to finishing the notoriously difficult game. But not teenager Collin Burns who has completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds smashing the world record. The US national speedcubing champion was at an official Rubiks Cube event in Doylestown Pennsylvania when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record. Unbelievable Collin looks up at the clock after finishing the puzzle clearly astonished by his achievement . Other teenagers can be seen chatting in the background as they completed their own puzzles at the official World Cube Association WCA meeting this weekend. As the 3x3 Rubiks Cubes colours align he drops it down on to a pressure sensor which stops the watch bringing gasps from his fellow enthusiasts as they realise he has set a new fastest time.
It is cold remote dangerous and a hot spot for one of the worlds most volatile and entrenched political standoffs. So it comes as a surprise that the Korean Demilitarized Zone DMZ  located along the nomans land between the North and South  is next to a burgeoning surf spot for South Korean hipsters gangsters expats and its jetsetting adventure class. Photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their daytoday duties where fishermen and daytrippers are placed alongside soldiers tanks and their fortified military installations. Surfer Shannon Aston from New Zealand said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in South Korea as a teacher. There was never much tension only when people in the north would defect near that coast or security was ramped up after a skirmish or incident between the two countries. Scroll down for video . Left a local surfer makes wanders past a build up of military vehicles while right a tourist watches the waves roll in . A longboarder prepares to head out into the waves. Most dont care too much as long as they can surf.
Bingo hall toilets have tested positive for traces of Class A drugs amid evidence that an increasing number of pensioners are turning to hard drugs in retirement. Out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine while another had traces of crack cocaine a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked a newspaper investigation revealed. While the venues do let players as young as 18 in the majority of attendees are elderly and the discoveries mirror a spike in OAPs being treated for drug abuse. A probe by The Sun used swabs coated with special chemicals which reveal traces of cocaine to test toilet cubicles in bingo halls around the country. She said We assume older people dont want to go out and socialise but they do particularly if they are lonely. Representatives from both Mecca Bingo and Gala Bingo said that their companies took a zerotolerance policy on drugs and banned taking them on their premises. The majority of those requesting help last year suffered from addictions to heroin or crack cocaine although there were significant numbers who had problems with cannabis amphetamines and prescription medications.
Gary Neville tore into Manchester City following their defeat against Crystal Palace by insisting the champions have a mentality problem which prevents them from winning backtoback titles. The former Manchester United and England defender saw City lose 21 to leave them in fourth  nine points short of Chelsea at the top of the Barclays Premier League. Theyve got a mentality problem. Theres no doubt Neville said on Monday Night Football. This team cannot sustain success. Manuel Pellegirni is under pressure as City fell nine points behind Chelsea in the Premier League table . When you win championships youve got to be able to come back again and show the same hunger. They dont. They drop off it. Make no mistake about that. Theyre getting older. Unfortunately some of those lads not going to be there next season.
Meet Byron Schlenker and his teenage daughter who BOTH hold records for having the worlds widest tongue. Byrons buds measure a whopping 8.6cm across  the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6. His daughter Emily 14 is not far behind at 7.3cm and holds the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the mens crown. Scroll down for video . Byron only found out he was a worldbeater when he picked up a Guinness World Records book at the library while helping his daughter with a school project . Byrons wife Vicki says her friends make jokes about Byrons tongue and our love life but she wont be drawn on the insinuations. We are a wholesome family with three young ladies in the house so we just kind of laugh it off. Left to right Andie Emily Byron Vicki and Cindy .
Four Royal Navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcoholfuelled party at a Canadian barracks must stay in Nova Scotia until they have been tried. The four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in Dartmouth near Halifax where they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a Canadian naval base for the next few years. Accused Joshua Finbow 23 a submarine engineer from Stockbridge Hampshire arrives at court today . In a deal agreed with the British government they will also continue to work for the Royal Navy and draw their current pay. Sources say their victim who is aged in her early 20s and lives in Halifax had accompanied a friend who had been invited to attend the party by local Canadian servicemen. Yesterday all four men  three of them wearing black Royal Navy ice hockey team hoodies  looked relieved to be getting out of custody as they respectfully answered Judge John MacDougalls questions. Held Craig Stoner 24 left and Darren Smalley 35 right are being held by military police in Canada . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
When Nic Newling recalls his childhood he remembers misleading highs and deep depressions where the only option he could see for himself was committing suicide. But it was the unexpected and tragic death of his teenage brother Christopher who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses which helped put his life back into perspective. Now the 28yearold is using his story of loss and confusion  in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder  to raise awareness of mental illness. Both Nic left and Christopher centre with eldest brother Ben right suffered from mental health problems at the same time . It was so hard to work at school because of the nature of the condition it can have cognitive impairments so Id go from reading nonstop to not being able to listen to a word the teacher was saying. Id literally just sit there in class and just fantasize about different ways I could kill myself with different objects in the room. I really liked that psych ward. Theyd be like what have you got? Now things are good.
This dogs certainly not setting a good example to the youngsters under her charge. Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. But in a bid to trick her her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable. She then proceeds to spit it out on the floor. Lets hope the two children she lives with dont follow her lead and they learn to love their greens. When shes not filling her face other videos show Gemma enjoys sleeping and hanging out with her human family.
A company has released matches that continue to burn even when submerged in water or buried underground in dirt. The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations. Scroll down for video . Eric Moe the product specialist at Industrial Revolution which owns Utility Comfort and Originality UCO explained the process. They include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads. The matches cost 5.47 7.99 from UCOs website and are available from the UK distributor Dalesman International. The importance of being able to create a fire in inclement weather cannot be overstated. Everything is more challenging when you are cold and wet and it is crucial to have reliable equipment.
The Long Island mother and daughter found safe and well in New York Citys Upper West Side neighbourhood after going missing last month say they had no idea that people were looking for them. Iona Costello 51 and daughter Emily 14 were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday it was reported. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health officials said. Scroll down for video . Iona Costellos husband George the coowner of Costello Marine in Greenport died from a heart attack in 2012 . She just wanted to get away. George Jr who has at least 10 arrests to his name according to court records says he didnt have a close relationship with Iona. Her brotherinlaw is also facing a criminal case. She cant sell anything. I dont know if shes having a nervous breakdown. Southold police Chief of Police Martin Flatley told Daily Mail Online his force did not suspect foul play. Mrs Costellos aunt Gwendoline Preston married Lord William WynneJones a renowned chemist and former vicechancellor of Newcastle University.
Roger Federer spent less than one hour on court in his Monte Carlo opener with a 62 61 win over Jeremy Chardy. Federer who has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training played his first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in March. And he did not look rusty hitting 19 winners to dispatch an opponent who beat him last year in Rome. Its difficult to make any kind of judgment after a 55minute match but Im feeling good at training said Federer a fourtime runnerup in Monte Carlo. The 17time major champion takes on Gael Monfils for a spot in the quarterfinals just five months after the Frenchman beat him in straight sets in the Davis Cup final. The preparation is different.
David Curry pictured was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth Northumberland because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . A father was asked to leave a Wetherspoon pub for a family breakfast with his wife and stepdaughter because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms. The pub chain has apologised to Mr Curry from Ashington but said a notracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013. We decided to go to this one instead for a change of scene. I couldnt believe it. Selfemployed builder Mr Curry said he often wears sportswear as part of a health regime that saw him shed 17 stone through exercise and giving up alcohol. I said you are joking! The waiter looked really scruffy. We just left  we were fuming.
ALL DAY LONG . By Joanna Biggs . Serpents Tail 14.99 Famously and memorably the poet Philip Larkin asked Why should I let the toad work  Squat on my life? He longed to be ... courageous enough  To shout Stuff your pension! but knew he never would. Coffee morning Britain at work . Surely it is work not love which makes the world go round? Reading this book reminds me how times have changed dramatically since my generation left school or college in the Sixties with no worries about finding a job. We were lucky. Biggs divides her workers in interesting categories yoking disparate occupations in terms of their overall function. Serving includes a sex worker two baristas a call centre adviser and a political special adviser. Those Repairing are a rabbi an Army major and a nurse while those Leading are a company director a stayathome mum inspired that one and a hereditary lord. Here although of course anyone can see that the system is not perfect I wish she hadnt editorialised so overtly. I really wanted to hear more about what John thought of his life.
A New York college has provoked anger after postponing its screening of movie American Sniper in response to complaints from Muslim students. The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday. It said it will still show the Oscarnominated movie but with an educational forum followup to allow students to discuss the film. Bradley Cooper in his Oscar Nominated role as Chris Kyle the most deadly sniper in US military history . However they appear to have done just the opposite. While the film grossed a total of 540 million it also drew criticism for its depiction of Iraqis . Earlier this month the University of Michigan flipflopped over whether or not it would show the film on its campus. The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location Harpers statement read.
Lindsay Lohan has been living in London for the past year and says she likes it so much she doesnt see herself returning to the States any time soon. The 28yearold flamehaired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage starring in a West End production of David Mamets Speed The Plow  for which she received lukewarm reviews  and seems intent on remaining in the UK for the foreseeable future. I go back to NYC and LA for family and work. Scroll down for video . Fleur Du Mal Leather Corset . Available at Forward by Elyse Walker . Visit site . The Mean Girls star showed of her svelte figure in a series of racy ensembles by Moschino and Agent Provacateur. Style them with a pencil skirt and blazer on your next night out and all eyes will be on you. I find that UK press is much more politically based. I dont place myself in the same situations as I used to. New leaf? It felt very unevolved. I do love lingerie she confessed. He told Daily Mail Online We were not dating we are friends.
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a boring match against AS Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday believing that both sides will adopt a cautious approach. Our target is to get through this round and reach the semifinals and if we qualify 10 or 11 on aggregate thats all the same to me said Allegri whose side are at home in the quarterfinal first leg on Tuesday. It could be a boring game the important thing is not to concede a goal at home. Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri strolls in to his prematch press conference on Monday . The Juventus squad look relaxed as they are put through their paces in sunny Turin . The tie against Monaco is much more complicated than the one against Dortmund he said. Veteran midfielder Andrea Pirlo has returned to training after a calf injury . Its tempting to go forward ourselves and there is the risk of leaving spaces for them. In Ligue 1 they have the best defence with 22 goals conceded in 32 games. These figures do not come by chance.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within threeandahalf pounds of the welterweight limit with more than three weeks still to go before he meets Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century. Mayweather was photographed taking the scales for the WBCs mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight. The boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit. The electronic machine showed Mayweather at 150.5 lbs. There was a modicum of surplus fat at the sides of his waist but he looks well on track with his conditioning. Pacquiao is also understood to be comfortably within the 30day stipulation. Mayweather who is looking to extend his 47fight unbeaten streak against the Filipino fighter posted a video of himself receiving a SubZero recovery cool down in Las Vegas. A session at 200 degrees usually lasts 13 minutes and helps speed up muscle recovery as well as decrease inflammation and muscle soreness after exercise.
Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do what is best for Daniel Sturridge as the Liverpool strikers injury misery shows no sign of relenting. Sturridge will again be absent for Tuesday nights trip to Hull and while Rodgers will not take the drastic step of calling time on his campaign he remains unsure whether the England international will play again this season. The 25yearold missed five months with calf and thigh issues and he is now battling to overcome a hip problem that was sustained in the 21 defeat to Manchester United on March 22. It had been difficult for Daniel said Rodgers. There are always names associated. You are nearly talking about a 100 per cent deficit. West Brom defender Craig Dawson tugs Raheem Sterlings shirt as he challenges him for the ball . Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho has a shot from just inside West Broms half after a poor clearance . We were relentless in our pressure but we couldnt find the breakthrough. We want to fight right until the very end against Stoke. Balotelli finds himself surrounded by Joleon Lescott and Gareth McAuley during another goalless afternoon .
Brian Williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure following in Tom Brokaws very large footsteps at NBC according to a new report. The network handed Williams a sixmonth suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003. He likes to sort of tell these grandiose tales... I just saw it as one of the quirks of his personality. The stories left him incensed the publication reported. On hearing the tale Brokaw went into spasms of anger one former exec told Vanity Fair. He really was our Walter Cronkite. I dont know why a source said. It also meant that when Williams found himself in hot water over his claim he had been in a downed Chinook  when he had actually been in a separate aircraft  Brokaw didnt have his back. We had no clear sense what had happened. Red Bank New Jersey 1970s . Williams issued an onair apology and wrote on Facebook Nobodys trying to steal anyones valor. Hurricane Katrina 2005 . Israel 2006 .
Arsenal should target Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech if he leaves Stamford Bridge at the end of the season insists Carlo Cudicini. Cech has made just five Barclays Premier League appearances this season as Thibaut Courtois remains manager Jose Mourinhos firstchoice goalkeeper. But Cudicini feels the 32yearold Czech Republic international would be a good fit under Arsene Wenger instead of Wojciech Szczesny at Arsenal. Petr Cech in action for Czech Republic against Latvia last week is poised to leave Chelsea in the summer . Prompted on TalkSport by Ray Parlour who said Arsenal have to get Cech Cudicini added I agree. Arsenal have had a few problems with goalkeepers after David Seaman and Jens Lehmann. Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to Courtois.
A woman convicted of killing her fiveyearold son by poisoning him with salt has been sentenced to 20 years to life in prison. Lacey Spears of Scottsville Kentucky was spared the maximum 25 years to life. Spears who chronicled her son Garnetts illnesses on a personal blog called Garnetts Journey and other social media was convicted by a jury in White Plains New York last month of seconddegree murder in his 2014 death at Westchester Medical Center. Scroll down for video . She showed no emotion when she was sentenced . feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging. the verdict. District Attorney Janet DiFiore. Prosecutors blamed Spears who lived in Chestnut Ridge . about 32 miles 51 km north of New York City for her sons . suffer through repeated hospitalizations unneeded surgical . prosecutor said. abnormalities according to court papers. trial.
A 33yearold woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times in four months while working as a services technician is hoping to use an insanity defense claiming she was vulnerable passive and gullible and suffers from mental illness. Brett Robinson is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year. The case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry 39 who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25yearold gang member and convicted rapist. Robinson who worked in a maximum security control room known as the bubble struck up a relationship with the inmate  who has not been named  in a nearby cell. The two would talk using an intercom when Robinsons manager left the room. He kissed me so passionately I was taken aback. I asked about the blanket. You are my everything Baby  I could not envision my life without you in it. The report also said she had struggled with depression and anxiety since childhood.
Tony Pulis returned to Selhurst Park for the first time since he left Crystal Palace and masterminded a victory which pulled his West Bromwich Albion side to the edge of safety. Despite the timing of his departure however there was very little bad blood between Palaces fans and Pulis who was roundly applauded as he came out from the tunnel in the corner of a ground where the seats are close to the pitch and the crowd can be unforgiving. West Brom midfielder Craig Gardner celebrates having scored the second for Tony Pulis side with a fine long ranged effort . Before two minutes on the clock James Morrison right headed West Brom ahead following a corner from teammate Chris Brunt . Crystal Palace 433 Speroni 6 Ward 6 Delaney 6 Dann 6 Ledley 6 Souare 46 6 McArthur 6 Sanogo 80 Jedinak 6 Gayle 46 6 Puncheon 6.5 Zaha 6.5 Murray 6.5 Bolasie 8. Subs not used Hennessey Hangeland Kelly Ameobi. Manager Alan Pardew 5.5 . Booked McAuley Gardner Brunt . Referee Jonathan Moss 7 . MOTM Myhill . Attendance 24765 . It is a good club. They didnt come off.
Bayern Munich central defender Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of their Champions League quarterfinal against Porto due to a muscle injury. The 27yearold was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday. The Morocco international said on his Twitter account that a medical examination suggested he would be out for between two and four weeks. Benatia pictured challenging Leverkusens Stefan Kiessling will miss between two and four weeks . Disappointed but its an occupational hazard he added. The was no official comment on the injury from Bayern who travel to Porto next week before the return leg in Munich later this month. Benatia joins a long injury list at Bayern that includes Bastian Schweinsteiger David Alaba Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke. Franck Ribery who has been out for weeks with an ankle injury returned to training on Wednesday while Thiago Alcantara has only just returned to action after a year out injured.
This is the moment a 102yearold woman who used to dance with the likes of Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly got to see herself shimmy and shake on film for the first time. Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen. Barker had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows. But she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance. She didnt even have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage. After a long and unsuccessful first search Shuff connected with Mark Cantor a collector of short musical films called soundies who runs the online archive Jazz on Film. When she came back I was gone said Barker. Because it just felt so good doing it because that music you know I just get carried away in it.
The yoga being taught in a San Diego County school system is not a gateway to Hinduism and doesnt violate the religious rights of students or their parents a California appeals court ruled Friday. The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a familys lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes. The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school districts yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity. Scroll down for video . The districts yoga program does not violate our state constitution. The First Amendment bans schoolsponsored religious promotion and prayer. Yoga instructor Kristen McCloskey right leads third graders at Olivenhain Pioneer Elementary School in 2012 . A school distort lawyer said there were no rituals occurring in the classroom and no one was worshipping the sun or leading Hindu rites. About 30 families have opted out of the classes since they began in 2011.
A football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport  from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days. Dave Doggett the boss of League Two outfit Cambridge United believes groups of up to 10 men  aged in their 50s and 60s  are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. He said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their gangs. Scroll down for video . It sounds pathetic but unfortunately it is reality. We are working closely with police. He said Theres a tension and you feel threatened so I dont go to those places anymore. Its very sad. Cambridge supporter Simon Dobbin 42 pictured with wife Nicole remains in a medicallyinduced coma since being attacked after an away game to Southend on March 21.
An American doctor climbing Everest when the devastating earthquake hit has described the heartbreaking moment her mountain guide died before her eyes . Ellen Gallant a cardiologist from Utah was attempting to climb the worlds tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck sparking an avalanche that killed 18 people. Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and Sherpas. There are believed to be up to 100 Americans still missing following the disaster on Saturday. Scroll down for video . The tremors sparked a huge avalance killing 18 people with Ms Gallant and another doctor desperately trying to save those injured . I was outside saw this huge blast coming down she told ABC News. I ran into the tent threw myself on the floor. Of the nine patients one of them died last night  a 25yearold Sherpa. His blood pressure had fallen. Around 6am we heard helicopters and we knew we would make it out of the woods. I guess you could say God gave me a cold. he said. Read more here.
Celtics Treble dream died on Sunday with striker Leigh Griffiths pointing the finger of blame squarely at the officials after his sides shock Scottish Cup semifinal defeat by Inverness. A blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team particularly assistant Alan Muir at the end of the first half with the Parkhead club left to rue the decision not to award a penalty and dispense a red card. A goal down at the time Inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extratime and the Celtic players could do little to hide their fury after the match.
A lone Iraq veteran set up camp outside a shamed fraternity which is reeling from allegations that its members drunkenly taunted wounded soldiers spat on servicemen urinated on the U.S. flag. Perry Clawson a former Army colonel was pictured Friday sitting outside the University of Floridas Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville waving a Stars and Stripes of his own. Service Connole is picutred above during on of his tours of duty in the Middle East . Disgusting Linda Cope who founded the retreat to honor her wounded son said she saw frat members urinating on the U.S. flag . The charity event provides vacations for maimed soldiers their carers and families  but ran afoul of braying frat boys holding an event of their own earlier this month. Haley Riley whose husband is another injured veteran said students hurled beer bottles at attendees. They have charged the organization with causing physical or other harm obscene behavior public intoxication theft and property damage. It was already restricted to a limited events program  and will face even tougher penalties than usual if the university decides to take action.
A 78yearold Connecticut man with a long criminal history was arrested on Friday but the mans lawyer claimed the arrest was a ruse intended to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in U.S. history. Robert Gentile appeared in federal court in Hartford . an undercover agent. museums front door. testimony. uniforms. Most .
CNNIt came a day early. Baltimore investigators handed their files on Freddie Grays death over to prosecutors Thursday but the public shouldnt expect much. Theres been no charges. It has nothing to do with speculation about any other cases out there. This family wants justice. RawlingsBlake and police officials have repeatedly promised answers and accountability. We know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner multiple times. Gray requested a medic during that stop he said. The van then traveled to another incident about a mile away and just a few hundred feet from where Gray was first spotted and chased. Its complex Davis said of the probe.
CNNThousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees trapped in the Yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities. But while the story is in itself tragic it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling. I encountered two such individuals on my mission to Damascus  Jihad and Mohammad  tiny vulnerable infants who were taken from Yarmouk in recent days a place that was described last week by the U.N. SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon as the deepest circle of hell. The fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children. Like the wider Syrian conflict Yarmouk has a human face the faces of young Mohammad and young Jihad. His mother Said Fatima never imagined bringing a child into this world could be so tough. I was hoping to drink milk and eat eggs during my pregnancy but our financial situation did allow us to buy these expensive food items she said. To do this hostilities will have to subside. These things are all possible.
While Easter in the UK is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb in Greece they mark the day slightly differently  and a week later. As Orthodox Easter Sunday was held thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional mock war. Dozens of brave souls even attend the latenight services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held  even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire. Fortunately severe injuries are rare in Vrontados during the fiery celebrations. The custom dates back to the 19th century when the island was under Turkish occupation but may have older roots. Scroll down for video . The rockets created beautiful patterns against the deep blue evening sky including swirls spirals and vivid bright lines . A man wearing just a tshirt stands next to a huge rocket as another man hoists it on to his shoulder as it begins to spark . Russian President Vladimir Putin R speaks with Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia Kirill during an Orthodox Easter service in Moscow .
CNNGeography is in part destiny for Italy The country will always be a bridge between Africa and Europe as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the Mediterranean so starkly shows. A surge of refugees this year usually transported by smugglers on overcrowded vessels has sought to reach Europe via the Libyan coast. A boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from Libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking. Over 10000 were rescued off the coast of Italy in the last week alone. European leaders are scrambling to deal with this emergency. There is a backstory here worthy of our attention and it has to do with Italys colonial past. Long after the formal end of Italian colonialism these Eritreans Somalis and Libyans have inherited the histories of influence and exploitation that shaped their home countries. Some of those people had grown up entirely in Libya. Given Europes geography this weapon was pointed particularly at Italy Libyas former master and the principal target of Gadhafis postcolonial revenge politics. Upon her appointment in 2013 as minister of integration Cécile Kyenge an Italian of Congolese origin faced ugly racist attacks from fellow Italian politicians including a comment that she looked like an orangutan.
A veteran MMA fighter and martial arts instructor who had been accused of molesting a young boy was found dead in an Oregon jail on Sunday morning after an apparent suicide. Eben Kaneshiro 35 was arrested last week and charged with three counts of firstdegree sodomy and three counts of firstdegree sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. New Breed JiuJitsu the Portland martial arts gym that Kaneshiro owned is now closed. Scroll down for video . Authorities believe Kaneshiro hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail according to OregonLive. Paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am on Sunday. Deschutes County Sheriff Larry Blanton and District Attorney John Hummel spoke at a news conference on Monday about the apparent suicide KTVZ reported. An investigation into Kaneshiros death is ongoing. He had a record of 1912 in 31 MMA fights since 2002 and last fought in Boise Idaho in 2014.
Yaya Toures attacking gifts arent enough to make up for his defensive deficiencies anymore said Gary Neville in a scathing attack on the Ivorian following Manchester Citys 42 derby loss to United. Manuel Pellegrinis City were poor for all but the opening 15 minutes against Louis van Gaals side at Old Trafford and Neville speaking on Sky Sports is certain big changes are afoot for the club. Its a crossroads for them now Neville said as City drifted four points behind their thirdplaced crosscity rivals who are now one point off Arsenal in second. Niall Quinn and Graeme Souness joined the chorus of criticism of the underfire Ivorian . Certainly some players. You cannot carry passengers. There might be a physical problem that he cannot do it let alone if he doesnt want to do it. The former Liverpool defender told talkSPORT Theyve been a great team but that team needs breaking up and changing. Its going to take a lot of money. Fellaini has completely outshone him today. Sinclair also felt Toure was at fault for Chris Smallings goal Uniteds fourth. They lost their shape they lost their discipline they were all over the place.
Australias very own nocturnal rabbiteared Easter mascot is under threat with bilby numbers becoming dangerously low. The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now its disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area with small populations remaining in Queensland the Northern Territory and Western Australia. Kevin Bradley CEO of Save the Bilby Fund told Daily Mail Australia that its very difficult to pin point the exact number of bilbies left in Australia because of their cryptic nocturnal habits. Scroll down for video . In recent years the bilby has become an important part of the Australian Easter tradition however its ties with our Indigenous community dates back much further with bilbies making their way into dream time stories. Mr Bradley said foxes and feral cats are desimating the population. I think people are starting to recognise that these animals are having such a devastating effect on many native animal populations. The bilby is omnivorous and eats bulbs fruit seeds fungi insects worms termintes and even small lizards or spiders. They dont need regular water because like koalas they get most of their water from their food.
The Russian space agency Roscosmos is attempting to regain control of a spaceship that is spinning out of control in orbit. Progress M27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 309 am EDT 0709 GMT from Kazakhstan. It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off but that plan has now been indefinitely abandoned. Scroll down for video . Orbital parameters were due to be sent from a Russian Ground Site allowing for a eight rendevous burns to be performed over the next five hours of flight. But once Progress had arrived on orbit only confirmation of its solar array deployment and some of the navigational antennas were made. The dizzying footage which was taken from the Progress 59 spacecraft shows the Earth and sun moving in and out of the frame. The crew on board the International Space Station has pressed ahead with maintenance work today as well as biomedical experiment activities said Navias. The cargo ship launched this morning on a Soyuz 21A rocket pictured.
CNNA longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singersongwriters conservator. Mitchell who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home. She remains at the hospital according to Leslie Morris court petition filed April 28. Morris is described as Mitchells friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents. Whether the folk and jazz singer is conscious remains a matter of some confusion. But on Mitchells website a statement posted the same day that says it was approved by Morris says Mitchell is alert. A full recovery is expected. Adoring fans are posting their tributes to Mitchell at WeLoveYouJoni.com. Sonya Hamasaki and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report.
Michael Vaughan who is favourite to become Englands cricket supremo was quick to condemn the openers after West Indies got them both out early on. With Jonathan Trott out without scoring in the first over and captain Alastair Cook failing again Vaughan said Their footwork and their mindset has been about looking to survive rather than getting on top. Geoff Boycott was also critical of the pair saying Opening batsmen are supposed to face the new ball when its doing a little bit. If you cant play that youre in the wrong job. Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 as England struggled on the first morning . Former fast bowler Bob Willis said Englands top three looked constipated and need a good dose of syrup of figs.
CNNWhen I was elected to the Kentucky State Senate in 1967 I became the first woman and the first person of color to serve in the body. Five decades later I find it almost unfathomable that a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation. But that is what Rand Paul who today declared hes running for president of the United States is doing. His campaign team told reporters last week that his campaign announcement message would be about expanding the Republican Party  a message of inclusion. But those of us listening today who he is hoping to include heard nothing more than hype. Im not buying it. Yes its about time that Republicans started seriously considering the fact that black voters are an important piece of the electoral puzzle. But they cant actually appeal to the community unless they have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities. In his inept speaking engagements at historically black colleges and universities he has come across as condescending and lacking basic cultural competency.
A halal sex shop offering sensual aids is set to open in Islams holiest city it has been revealed. The shop which will stock Islamically approved adult items is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia after the idea was approved by clerics. It is being led by the owner of am existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira which is known for its range of sensual oils. According to the International Business Times Aouragh would be selling 18 toys classed as being Islamically approved. Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh revealed how a Saudi Arabian cleric had told him the shop in Mecca pictured would encourage the improvement of the sexual relationship between husband and wife. At the time he said he had been inspired to launch the site by friends who wanted sex advice and products but found the content on other websites and in specialist stores too explicit.
When a One Direction fan got the chance to wash Niall Horans clothes she wanted to make the most of the opportunity to get up close and personal to the star. Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash the singers shirt and underwear while he was staying in Augusta in Georgia for the US Masters and then decided to try them on for size herself. The 20yearold then took a photograph of herself in the stars polo shirt and posted it on Twitter. She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy. Scroll down for video . Samantha posted whos this girl wearing nialls clothes? turn on your location I wanna fight. Im absolutely horrified by the blatant violation of privacy by Ashleigh Sokie. Completely disgusting  I hope something is done about this! wrote Stephanie. life goal.
A couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots from the event. The couple who does not wish to be identified hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed Poor N Party on the bottom of the pictures. The couple wasnt alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the brides sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party. Scroll down for video . She made the wise decision not to tell her and spoil that specific day Hale told Click2Houston. The groom claims Evans didnt even apologize. Sue me James Evans reportedly replied. When Eyewitness News reached out to Evans and his attorney Christine Kirchner they declined an oncamera interview but gave the same responses they gave in civil court. Hale disagrees and says her clients want an apology at the very least.
England ace Joe Hart labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a legend of the game after seeing the Italian veteran claim his 147th cap. Hart who passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on Tuesday night said after the 11 draw with Italy that Buffon was an inspiration. Speaking to FA TV Hart said Im still learning my game and Im still watching the likes of Buffon and the way he goes about his business at 37 years old. Buffons caps total is a long way off but its definitely a night to celebrate a terrific goalkeeper and a legend of the game someone I personally look up to and its inspirational to see. I was proud of my first cap I was proud to represent the Under 21s and 50 caps at my age is good added Hart. I want to keep going thats not the end for me.
The stylist behind singer Rita Oras unique overthetop hairstyles has revealed how much work the charttopper has to put into ensuring her blonde locks remain totally healthy. Weve managed to get the timing perfect so that shes not coloring it all the time. If you keep bleaching it you push it too far and it can look awful which has been done in the past by other celebrities! Scroll down for video . I always want to do something to make her hair look special Chris explains . It worked for the film because she wasnt Rita she was Mia Grey and I think that was a good thing Chris said. But I dont know if its a style we will be trying out on Rita in real life! And beyond the length and color of Ritas hair Chris is determined to ensure that her style is always fresh unique and interesting and is often experimenting with different textures embellishments and colorful accessories. We work so well together drawing inspiration from any number of things  from Marilyn Monroe to London street fashion.
The families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets home opener at Citi Field while the widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego Padres. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch at Fenway Park in Boston  but didnt do himself proud chucking the ball straight at the ground. The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny. Scroll down for video . Members of the family of New York City Police officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos throw out the ceremonial first pitches before the Mets opening day baseball game . They were murdered on patrol in Brooklyn on December 20 by a crazed gunman who then committed suicide. De Blasio however was largely booed when he was introduced to the crowd. But de Blasio rejected an identical council proposal a year ago pointing to the citys record low crime and suggesting that the money would be better spent elsewhere.
Celtic retained their sevenpoint lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with an easy 20 win over 10man Partick at Parkhead. The home side laid siege to the Thistle defence at the start of the match but had to rely on a Kris Commons penalty a minute before the break to give them the interval lead. Thistle midfielder James Craigen had been shown a straight red card by referee Willie Collum for a last man foul on Hoops midfielder Stuart Armstrong to concede the spotkick. leaving the visitors a player down for the second half. Stefan Johansen doubles Celtics advantage in the 63rd minute with leftfooted shot into the bottom corner . Johansen is mobbed by his teammates following his secondhalf strike . Two minutes after replacing Guidetti Leigh Griffiths somehow turned a MackaySteven cross past the far post from two yards out but it was inconsequential.
Randy Lerner is expected to make a rare appearance at Aston Villas FA Cup semifinal against Liverpool at Wembley in what could be his last match as chairman of the club. The American owner is scheduled to fly across the Atlantic for the grandest occasion during his tenure since Villas 2010 League Cup final against Manchester United in the same stadium. Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner will attend their FA Cup semifinal with Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday . Christian Benteke who scored for Villa against Spurs on Saturday will be hoping to fire them to the final . Lerner while watching games via stream in New York has hardly seen Villa play in person in recent years after acquiring the club in 2006. When he attended Arsenals visit to Villa Park in September it was his first home match since December 2012. Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May and is hopeful of concluding a deal worth around 150million once the season is finished.
Kell Brook could have had the blockbuster fight he craves against Amir Khan instead of treading water against Frankie Gavin if only his promoter had minded his words. But instead of being patient hes been so disrespectful. Any more of that and it will be all over. Khan right poses for a photo alongside father Shah centre and brother Haroon in Sheffield in 2013 . Hearn displays the cheque for 1.5m to setup Scott Quiggs fight with Carl Frampton .
Julie Walter 49 who has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly residents in sheltered housing out of money . A woman has been branded a menace to the community after she posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents. Today police issued CCTV images of Walters of Withington Manchester hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchesters Minshull Street Crown Court. Mistakenly thinking she was one of the wardens he gave her about 30 in cash. The next day she returned to the mans address claiming she worked there and needed to check his bathroom. Walters struck again on March 2 at the home of an 80yearold man who lives at another retirement home. Once inside she stole a 5 note from the womans handbag but was caught redhanded. By doing so they have not only helped effect justice for themselves but also saved other potential victims a great deal of heartache.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess which means Arsenals FA Cup semifinal will clash with a key Premier League title game. Arsenal will take on Reading on Saturday evening as league leaders Chelsea take on Manchester United at Stamford Bridge. The Gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp as ridiculous after the German announced he will be leaving the club this summer. Mesut Ozil pictured during Arsenals training session ahead of their match with Reading on Saturday . Im surprised they dont analyse it in the TV deals. Theres a little conflict there. Its difficult to understand. Mathematically yes he said. But we have to keep winning. I like every manager and respect everybody. I find that circus a bit ridiculous. Arsenal scored late on last season to earn a draw at this stage against another Championship side Wigan .
CNNTheir eyes reflect childhoods marked by tragedy. Their faces show wrinkles made deeper by pain and the passage of time. For me those faces are like maps Lazar said. Soviet authorities invaded Poland during World War II and deported hundreds of thousands of Poles. Many were children. In effect Moscow stole much of an entire generation of young Poles a handful of whom Lazar has located seven decades later. It was very traumatic for them he said. Some lost mothers fathers brothers sisters  killed by the Soviets. Lazar remembers hearing 84yearold Boguslaw Dokurno recall his grandfathers dying wish. Lazar began his professional photography career in 2006 after fully realizing the mediums storytelling power. Social media . They really wanted to share their stories. Look at Lazars images. Each portrait is unique. You can follow him on Facebook Twitter and Instagram.
The baby boom generation is set to leave a wave of funeral debt to its children and grandchildren a report warns. The number of deaths every year in Britain  which have been falling for the past 40 years  will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades as the lives of unprecedented numbers born in the postbaby boom come to an end. At the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation rising undertakers bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts and the increasing fees demanded by churches. The report prepared by an old age think tank the International Longevity CentreUK and backed by insurance firm OneFamily suggests that younger people who already feel financially hard pressed in comparison to their parents will still be under money pressure even after their deaths. Baroness Sally Greengross of ILCUK said More than half of UK households have less than 3000 in savings and many will struggle to cover funeral costs. Costs are going up it found partly for technical reasons.
Julian Assanges father has sold his eccentric and colourful home for 1.42 million after a shaky start on the market. John Shiptons uniquely designed twobedroom home at 36 Kent Street Newtown in Sydneys inner west was first put on the market for at least 1.1 million but failed to sell in an initial auction in midMarch. However the founder of the Wikileaks Party whose son is still seeking refuge in Londons Ecuadorean embassy managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on Wednesday. The twobedroom property was last purchased by his partner Catherine Barber in 1989 for 130000 . Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden for questioning over sexual assault charges . Mosaic walls look out onto two private courtyards and a stunning walkthrough atrium garden  not to mention a rooftop garden . Domain labelled the home House of the Week when it was first listed describing it as being a work of art you can live in which is entirely unconventional. The spacious open plan living and dining pavilion boasts bright coloured leadlight doors with beautiful arched timber ceilings .
The biggest pension reforms in a century have been met with confusion as customers as young as 23 try to cash in their retirement savings. Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked with many unaware of age restrictions or tax implications. Since Monday over55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life known as an annuity. And yesterday the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money. Scroll down for video . Others were unaware they faced a hefty tax bill if they removed all their cash at once. The confusion was not helped by a decision to pull the plug on television adverts promoting the Governments pensions helpline. Purdah rules bar Government advertising campaigns before a general election so that it does not promote the cause of a certain political party. Richard Parkin of Fidelity said Misunderstandings exist around when you can access your funds.
Sanaa Yemen CNNA border guard was killed in a crossboundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen this week the staterun Saudi Press Agency reported Thursday  marking Saudi Arabias first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels inside its southern neighbor. The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabias Asir region when militants in a mountainous area on the Yemeni side fired on Saudi border troops prompting them to return fire SPA reported. Besides the slain border guard  identified as Cpl. Salman Ali Yahya alMaliki  10 others suffered injuries that were not lifethreatening the Saudi media outlet said. On Thursday Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden a neutral security official and two Houthi commanders in Aden told CNN. The palace had been where President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi who fled the country last month had stayed for a period of time after Houthis secured control of the capital Sanaa in January. So are we she said. A hospital near heavy fighting was forced to shut down. Officials Al Qaeda fighters free 270 from Yemeni prisons . CNNs Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
It seems Samir Nasri was keen to forget about Manchester Citys defeat at Crystal Palace as the Frenchman went out with his girlfriend Anara Atanes in London. After coming on as a substitute for the final 13 minutes of Mondays 21 loss at Selhurst Park the City winger was pictured leaving Hakkasan in the capital on Tuesday night an awardwinning Michelin star restaurant which offers modern Cantonese cuisine. Manuel Pellegrinis side are now nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea and Nasri could be leaving Manchester this summer. The pair dined at Hakassan an awardwinning Michelin star restaurant offering modern Cantonese cuisine . City are willing to use France international Nasri and Bosnia forward Edin Dzeko as bait in a deal to sign Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba. The 22yearold was on Manchester Uniteds books before moving to Italy in 2012.
Mark Hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for indemand Asmir Begovic following Stokes 21 win over Southampton. The Bosnian goalkeeper who kept Stoke in the game during a onesided first half at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday sees his existing deal run out next year with Real Madrid known admirers. And speaking after secondhalf goals from Mame Diouf and substitute Charlie Adam saw his side roar back after Morgan Schneiderlin had given Ronald Koemans Southampton a deserved lead manager Hughes added that he was hopeful of keeping Begovic at the club. Begovic is highlyrated and has attracted interest from several top clubs including La Ligas Real Madrid . Jonathan Walters left congratulates fellow Stoke striker Mame Biram Diouf right after his goal on Saturday . To be able to do that you need key players in key areas of the field and obviously goalkeeper is a key position in any good team and Asmir has been exceptional for us for a long time now. Hopefully they are going to be concluded in our favour. Its because its Tottenham said the centrehalf.
Andros Townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against Paul Merson. That tweet has been going over in my head said Townsend who followed up his spectacular equaliser in Italy by hitting Twitter to strike back at criticism from the former Arsenal and England midfielder. As soon at the goal went in I was just desperate to get that tweet out. Im eagerly awaiting his response. I havent seen it yet. Townsend celebrates his strike with Tottenham Hotspur teammates Ryan Mason left and Kyle Walker . We are not picking players who are playing well for their clubs  he got taken off after 30 minutes the other week against United. The England manager is there watching the game and he still gets picked. It didnt really annoy me but gave me the extra incentive to silence a few critics. You can never stop proving things to people said Townsend. But I think every time Ive put on an England shirt I have done myself justice I have done Roy Hodgson justice and the nation justice. I wouldnt say its my best form but this is the best form Ive produced this season.
Many of us are very particular about how strong we like our tea and coffee and the same applies to how hot it has to be. With this in mind engineers have created a heated mug designed to keep the temperature just right from the first sip to the last drop. Called the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug the 39.99 26 gadget can maintain the temperature at around 71C 160F for up to 45 minutes  giving you plenty of time to drink it all. Scroll down for video . The Goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins based on the childrens story The Three Bears. The mug weighs a little over one pound 454g and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord. Gita Bedi president of Green Lama said As an engineering consultant I have been working with innovators on a global basis helping integrate innovations and technologies into consumer products. The mug is only available in white but wireless charging plates are available in both white and black .
The casket of promising basketball player Lauren Hill has been moved into the 10000seater arena where she made her first basket in a college game just five months ago. She was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month after playing with her college team at Mount St Joseph University in Cincinnati to raise 1.5million for research into childhood cancer. Scroll down for video . Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in nearby Lawrenceburg Indiana. The tumour is found on the brain stem and can cause double vision and difficulty controlling facial expressions. She set a goal for herself and accomplished it even surpassed it. Shes an inspiration. The condition primarily affects children most often between the ages of four and nine. Source DIPG Registry . Coach Dan Benjamin gently kissed her gray No. In a highly personal one hour ceremony songs from the basketball players iPod were played. To donate to the campaign visit httpwww.thecurestartsnow.org .
A 41yearold father has been arrested in Phoenix over the death of his twoyearold son who police say was left locked in a car in temperatures of up to 93 degrees for over two hours. James Koryor was taken into custody Tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse. Police that he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm but instead went to a liquor store where he bought a bottle of gin. The then drove around drinking with the boys in the car before going home and falling asleep WFSB reported. The boys mother then found him in the car some time later . She had been studying inside and went to leave the house which is on Raymond Street near 75th Avenue and Broadway Road. There were family members at the house at the time who called 911 and police say they were giving the boy CPR when emergency responders arrived at the scene.
This year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world that have led to travel chaos and blocked out sunlight  but experts cannot pinpoint the reason behind the spate. This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual apocalyptic dust storm known in Arabic as a haboob struck Belarus turning day to night and China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year. Dark clouds start forming over the city of Soligorsk Belarus as a sandstorm sweeps over the city . Blurred The Shard one of Londons most iconic buildings is pictured shrouded in blood rain earlier this month . Dr Steven Godby a geographer researching the effects of blown sand and dust at Nottingham Trent University explained how these events can occur. By April 4 it was beginning to stretch across the Arabia Sea towards Pakistan and India . Chinas National Meteorological Centre NMC issued a blue alert for the sandstorms. A local meteorologist said visibility was reduced to less than 50metres in downtown areas. Israels Environmental Protection Ministry said air pollution levels were the countrys worst in five years.
A bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along a Florida beach in an unbelievable photograph. The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey WPTV reported. Bailey told the television station that the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water. Scroll down for video . However Bailey told WPTV the bobcat might have been scared by his presence since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find. Amy Kight Busch Wildlife Sanctuarys Animal Care Director told WPTV My first reaction was amazement that somebody actually took that picture because bobcats are generally very very reclusive. You dont really see them out and about too often. FWCs Liz Barraco told WESH There is no reason to believe its fake.
Its Hot or Not time again as IAN LADYMAN reveals whats been making him feel warm this week and whats been leaving him cold inside. HOT . CHRIS SMALLING . Smalling used to be part of the problem at Old Trafford now the defenders improvement has been such that hes at the forefront of Manchester Uniteds march back to relevance. BOB WILLIS . His comment about giving Englands constipated batsmen some syrup of figs in the West Indies was so perfect it could have come from our own David Lloyd. MARLON SAMUELS . Simple message to all Australian cricketers. Giving a rival a mock salute as he leaves the field is amusing. Dont try that over here though the stewards in their lovely yellow jackets would not like it. Thomas Muller leads the celebrations after Bayern Munich smashed six goals past Porto at the Allianz Arena . CELTIC . Writing pleading letters of complaint is for jilted boyfriends and suburban curtain twitchers. A SOFT MIDDLE . Steven Gerrard turned in a poor display against Aston Villa but Liverpool will miss him next season . SAM TOMKINS . ATLETICO MADRID .
FIFA presidential candidate Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein has made a formal rotation of the World Cup between the continents one of the key elements of his manifesto and says he can see a tournament being jointly hosted by several different nations. Prince Ali a current FIFA vicepresident from Jordan said he could envisage a World Cup being played in different countries  or even in different confederations  in a similar way to Euro 2020 which is being played in 13 nations. Prince Ali who aims to replace Sepp Blatter right warned against expanding the World Cup from 32 teams . Prince Ali is standing for FIFA president alongside former Portugal and Real Madrid player Luis Figo . But we have to be openminded. FIFA has announced it will make a decision on the allocation of World Cup places at an executive committee meeting the day after the presidential election on May 29. We cannot end up with a situation where mistakes are made again.
Youd think that being a chef Id want to escape the toils of the kitchen while on holiday  but the opposite is true. I jump at the chance to experience new flavours and gather fresh inspiration. And where better to tickle your tastebuds than in glorious Grenada? The island is known for its zesty spices and selfsufficiency  the only food it imports is milk. Heading west Rosemary spent a week on Grenada where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available . Grenadas seasons are similar to our own which means cauliflower broccoli and pumpkins in spring. Beach bars abound. Just beware of those generous drinks measures. I order plums mangoes cherries and avocados all picked that day. Delicious! We taste goats cheese and salt fish fritters a popular local dish. Even the governor grows her own vegetables. A onebedroom suite at the Mount Cinnamon hotel resort  beach club 001 473 439 4400 www.mountcinnamongrenadahotel.com starts from 265 BB per night.
The family of one ANZAC veteran were thrilled to receive news from a stranger this week that their relatives war medal had been unearthed in an east Melbourne Park. At first I thought it was a scam or someone trying to sell me something Mr Norton told Daily Mail Australia. I just couldnt believe it  I thought wow  and then I was really confused. Hed lost two fingers blowing up fish so he wouldnt have been accepted to fight said Mr Norton. It means that a grave in Melbournes Springvale Cemetery bearing a plaque with Fredericks name is probably not his either. Norton recently discovered that Frederick had actually died nine years before Bunny in New Zealand. Frederick Biddulph left pictured with Stephen Nortons grandfather Thomas Driscoll and another brother Bill . The other brothers were Benjamin William who was awarded the Gallipoli Medal and David Tasman. Manzie also found letters from Biddulphs mother in Tasmania appealing to the authorities for information about her son. Ashley Manzie says the discovery has made his year. Lest we forget.
The Hollywood ReporterA trailer for Zack Snyders upcoming Batman v. Superman Dawn of Justice leaked online on Thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later. A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer which had Spanish subtitles on the screen. The trailer begins with a commentators voice asking Is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy? As footage of Superman plays numerous commentators voices overlap one another with their opinions of the superheroes including We as a population on this planet have been looking for a savior and Maybe hes just a guy trying to do the right thing. Ryan Gosling in talks to star in Blade Runner sequel . A blurred image of Ben Afflecks face appears shortly before a masked Batman appears followed by the two superheroes coming face to face. On Wednesday morning Snyder teased the trailer by releasing a short excerpt on Twitter. The film also stars Amy Adams. How much it costs to get Mark Hamills autograph at Star Wars celebration . All rights reserved.
A lion had an unfortunate accident when it got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the Netherlands. Captured by a visitor to the Dierenrijk zoo the lion can be seen inserting its head into the barrel and attempting to retrieve a piece of meat. The animal hoping to beat two other lions to the food reaches in too far and suddenly gets its head stuck. Feeling sorry for itself the distressed lion stands alone in the corner before turning and running frantically towards the zoos visitors. The video concludes with the lion looking well and truly fed up as it lies on the ground exhausted by its failed attempts to break free. He is happily walking around again.
A bizarre new dinosaur with batlike wings has been discovered by a farmer in China and is now helping to shed new light on the evolution of flight. Palaeontologists in China say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago. The strangelooking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long fingerlike bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bats wing. Scroll down for video . Scientists believe the dinosaur which they have named Yi qi meaning strange wing may have glided or even flown through the air. These features are more like those seen on longneck dinosaurs. It is the most unexpected discovery I ever made. I would have said this example shows how much experimentation close to this transition. But in a gliding animal the centre of lift of the aerofoil should be fairly congruent with the centre of gravity of the body  if the bulk of the animals weight falls too far behind the centre of lift the back end will sag and the animal will stall.
Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici has taken to Twitter to apologise for his crucial gaffe in Saturdays FA Cup semifinal defeat to Arsenal. With the game finishing 11 after 90 minutes the Australian inexplicably let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extratime and could only watch on as it trickled over the line allowing Arsenal to book a second successive final appearance. The 30yearold who was inconsolable after the match has received unwavering support from his manager and teammates but issued an apology to Readings fans. Sanchez centre celebrates making it 21 to Arsenal as Federici second left is left dejected after his error . Just like to say thank you for all your messages and how sorry I am for my mistake we gave our all and deserved to at least take it pens he posted on his official Twitter account. Its part of being a goal keeper and Im sure it will make me stronger ! Thank you again for your amazing support readingfc. Steve Clarkes men in the lower reaches of the Sky Bet Championship forced extratime after Garath McClearys secondhalf volley cancelled out Sanchezs opener.
The Duchess of Cambridge is already up to four days overdue with her second child  and her labour could now be induced this week it was claimed today. The 33yearold royals baby is expected before the end of April  with the due date initially reported as yesterday but later claimed to actually be as early as Wednesday last week. Either way Kate  who plans to give birth at St Marys Hospital in Paddington central London  is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced. Scroll down for video . A Kensington Palace source said last week We havent ever confirmed a due date. Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived at the hospital in July 2013. The bookmaker is also offering evens on a morning birth 31 on the baby arriving in the afternoon and 21 on it being in the evening  while Alice 54 and Charlotte 51 are the favourite names. Meanwhile Prime Minister David Cameron has defended William and Kate for opting to use private health services rather than the NHS.
Real Madrid closed the gap on Barcelona to just two points at the top of La Liga but will be praying injuries to Gareth Bale and Luka Modric dont derail their season. Both Los Blancos stars were substituted as Carlo Ancelottis side struggled to overcome a spirited Malaga who had chances to snatch a draw. Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for Sergio Ramos and James Rodriguez before adding the third himself as Madrid kept within touching distance of league leaders Barcelona. Sergio Ramos celebrates scoring for Real Madrid in the 24thminute against Malaga . Malaga then pulled one back but Ronaldo look delighted after making up for his earlier miss to make it 31 . Booked Arbeloa Kroos . Goals Ramos 24 Rodriguez 69 Ronaldo 90 Malaga Kameni Angeleri Roseles Boka Sanchez Amrabat Garcia Recio Damian Tissone 75 Castillejo Horta 81 Darder Duda 87 Juanmi . Subs not used Guerra Ochoa Torres Filipenko . The defender seemed fractionally offside but despite Kamenis cries the goal was allowed to stand. With the most expensive player in the world off the pitch the second most expensive was having fun. Game over?
Ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio are fetching upwards of 130000 online after official outlets sold out within minutes on Thursday night. Due to the high Payperview price of the fight 89.99  99.99 its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like Periscope or Meerkat. If that were to happen broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions as viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying to watch the richest fight in history. Scroll down for video . In general we feel developers should have tools which proactively prevent mass copyright infringement from occurring on their apps and not be solely reliant upon notifications. When the two decorated fighters square off on May 2 the WBO WBA and WBC titles will all be on the line . CLICK HERE to read Periscopes terms of service . Prospective buyers were limited to four tickets per person. Overall revenue from ticket sales is expected to scale 76million breaking the previous record by three times .
She wears the 450 Issa dress famously sported to announce the royal engagement in November 2010 while he sports a cosy jumper and a goofy grin. But this isnt the real Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Instead its their puppet likenesses  commissioned for ITVs new comedy spoof show Newzoids. Their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of Prince Harry as well as a roster of celebrities. Scroll down for video . Plastic princess The Duchess of Cambridge is about to make her debut in puppet form . The show which has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image starts later this month and according to makers Citrus TV will offer a similarly lighthearted take on current affairs. Another sketch will see Ed Milibands effigy join Ant and Dec to star in a show called Im a Catastrophe... Get Me Out of Here while a third will see Professor Brian Cox unearthing a new planet  on Kim Kardashians backside. The sixpart series will also feature Wayne Rooney Beyonce Harry Styles and The Great British Bake Offs Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry.
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season and on Saturday he demonstrated just how much he has grown as a player and how important he has been to Chelseas imminent title victory. He is now the player you look to in a crisis. Hes dragging them over the line at the minute. And he would have taken the hint when he saw Juan Mata moved out that there would be no special favours from the manager for his creative players. The Chelsea forwards firsthalf strike proved crucial as the Blues eked out a 10 victory . You will see in certain games against lesser teams he might have a licence not to track back  but not today not against the best teams. Louis van Gaal will have been pleased that they controlled long periods of the game with their passing but they did lack that bit of punch. Wayne Rooney takes on Nemanja Matic Cesc Fabregas and Hazard at Stamford Bridge .
Two years ago Rafa Benitez was in charge of Chelsea and John Terrys glittering career at Stamford Bridge was in danger of fizzling out. In April 2013 the Spanish manager declared that Terry could no longer play two games a week and that controversial decision twinned with a persistent knee injury meant the former England international made just 14 appearances for his beloved in the 201213 campaign. Fast forward to 2015 the Blues captain has one hand on the Premier League trophy after arguably his most impressive season at the club  during which he has played a part in each of their 33 games so far. Chelsea captain John Terry is on course to appear in all 38 Premier League matches for his side this season . If Terry manages to make appearances in all of Chelseas remaining fixtures against Leicester Crystal Palace Liverpool West Brom and Sunderland he will beat the 37 domestic appearances he made during his sides last titlewinning season in 200910. The 34yearold celebrates with the Capital One Cup after Chelseas 20 victory against Tottenham in March .
One diner found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on. Toni Elliot 53 thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Pucketts Boat House in Franklin Tennessee on Thursday. However when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. Fortynine precious stones followed. Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery Elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards. Scroll down for video . As naturallyoccurring pearls are rare its expected that Elliots stash could fetch a princely sum. Eric Horton who was serving Elliot at the time said he couldnt believe what he saw happening. Recalling the incident he told WSMV News It happens sometimes every once in a while. Eliots fellow diners apparently laughed as they watched the unusual scene unfold. Producing pearls is an oysters way of protecting itself against foreign substances such as a parasite or piece of shell.
Alan Pardew has warned Crystal Palaces Barclays Premier League admirers that if they want to sign Yannick Bolasie this summer then the bidding will have to start at 20million. It has been suggested that a 10m bid could tempt Palace into selling the winger who has excelled since Pardew arrived in January and launched the club up the table. But the Palace manager is adamant that the clubs leading assets do not want to leave  and any players that do go will not be sold cheaply. Yannick Bolasie centre of Crystal Palace celebrates scoring against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Responding to a question about Joel Wards contract extension Pardew said It was good news for us this week with Ward. We wanted to send a statement that our players will be very very difficult to take away. One because they enjoy their football and two because we are going forward. Blimey. We are in a great financial position. He said Tony achieved fantastic results here last season.
A former Fortune 500 executive from New Hampshire who caused a highway crash that killed a Vermont couple and their unborn baby was accused of being heartless in court on Wednesday by angry family members. Defense attorney Lucy Karl comforts Robert Dellinger after testimony by the families of Amanda Murphy and Jason Timmons. I have been robbed and violated. I will never see or touch my child ever again Timmons mother Debbie Blanchard said as she fought back tears. How could you be so heartless? I ask for your forgiveness and I pray for your healing. He also held highlevel posts at Sprint Corp. Delphi Corp. and General Electric Co. Pregnant This is an ultrasound of the couples unborn baby who they were going to call Reagan Elizabeth . He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes on Thursday. During Wednesdays hearing Dellingers wife Deborah called him a man of ethics integrity and friendship the Valley News reported. His truck sheared off the top of the SUV. took a severance package worth more than 1million in cash plus stocks .
Shes less than a month from her due date but momtobe and model Sarah Stage barely has a bump to show for it. The lingerie model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of bodyflaunting photos on Instagram as she documents her first pregnancy  prompting outcry from critics who claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child. But despite the outpouring of concern from her followers the 30yearold Los Angeles resident hasnt let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap in which she swaps traditional maternity wear  and her favorite lingerie  for a more figurehugging and bustflaunting frock. Scroll down for video . One follower even wrote Look up pregnant women to see one. Nike Force Sky High Sneaker Wedge . Available at Zappos! Visit site . While Sarahs exact colorway is from a previous season we actually think that this seasons current collection pattern is much more exciting! Swoon. Its time to get taller! Some women are particularly sensitive to elevated hormones and suffer with symptoms whereas others sail through without any symptoms.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar. The university in Ohio took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified womans behind on March 21. The married fatheroftwo was also accused of grabbing a womans head and moving it toward your crotch and calling another woman a b the same evening. A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave. Scroll down for video . They then wrote a letter to Bowling Green athletics director Christopher Kingston detailing more of his inappropriate behavior. The correspondence obtained by Deadspin read While we were enjoying each others company we noticed on several occasions Chris Jans making what seemed to be advances towards several women. I am certain she would not appreciate his behavior. Jans recently led the team to its first postseason win in 40 years . No charges have been filed. His final record there stands at 2112.
A puppy tends to be a beloved addition to any family but for a family supporting a child with autism an Assistance Dog can make a crucial difference to their happiness and stability. April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of animal therapy. It turns out mans best friend are actually kids best friend with pups changing the lives of many children with autism who may otherwise struggle to talk communicate walk or socialise. The term Autism Spectrum Disorders ASD is an umbrella term that includes Autistic disorder Aspergers and Atypical Autism. The dog can provide companionship for the child as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and brightness to the household. It has been reported by families participating in the Austism Assistance Dog Program that the companion can also foster positive interactions between siblings encouraging play. On outings the childs safety is enhanced by being connected to a coat on the dogs body through a safety belt around the childs waist explained Guide Dogs SA.
Four teenagers have been caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window. The gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30am on January 12. CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall West Midlands and dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows. The birds were also jammed into drawers squeezed to death and even chased by a dog Walsall Magistrates Court heard. One resident reported that a dead bird was posted through his letterbox while others were dropped through windows. Jake Higgs 23 from Bloxwich admitted receiving stolen goods but denied causing unnecessary suffering. A 16yearold from Erdington Birmingham also attended but cannot be named for legal reasons. All four were found guilty of the charges after a trial last week. Bob Thomas chairman of the bench said their actions amounted to joint enterprise. Speaking at the time his wife Michelle said This has devastated him.
Israels leader reacted furiously to the Wests nuclear deal with Iran yesterday warning that it would threaten his countrys very survival. Benjamin Netanyahu said Irans agreement to reduce some of its nuclear programme in return for the lifting of sanctions would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb. In Iran yesterday thousands danced in the streets to celebrate the landmark accord which could finally result in the easing of economic restrictions that have caused the price of essentials to soar and businesses to go bust. Danger Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal will increase Irans aggression and terror throughout the MiddleEast But Israel which fears an Iranian nuclear attack issued a series of dire warnings. Mr Netanyahu insisted that he and his Cabinet were united in strongly opposing an agreement. Barack Obama however has hailed the agreement struck after tortuous negotiations in Lausanne Switzerland as a historic understanding. The alternative is standing firm and increasing the pressure on Iran until a better deal is achieved. And a major nuclear plant at Fordow will have to become a research lab although one at Natanz can still carry out enrichment.
Mirko Cro Crop Filipovic is desperate to scratch his eightyear itch when he takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday. Cro Crop lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a firstround head kick brought a swift end to the bout at UFC 70. But he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory. Filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter against Gonzaga . But especially this fight because I lost to him and this time I feel better motivated and more prepared than I did last time. I have been training with Stipe Miocic  he is a really great guy. UFC decided it would be Gonzaga and yes I wanted this rematch very much. Eight years can change a lot. Ive got better in that time  my skill set has got better. I believe people are never going to forget our first fight. I always need to keep working towards the title shot.
Tiger Woods has had to face some huge challenges during his career but not many will have been larger than 7ft 6in former NBA star Yao Ming. The 14time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year which included a return to some form at the US Masters but took a break to offer the retired Chinese basketball star a few golfing tips. Golfs former world No 1 is dwarfed by the 7ft 6in former Houston Rockets centre . The towering Chinese athlete takes notes as Woods helps him get to grips with his swing . The 39yearold announced on Twitter that he will tee it up at TPC Sawgrass for the tournament often labelled as the fifth major. Woods confirmed return will dampen fears over a wrist injury he appeared to suffer during the final round at Augusta when he hit a tree root. A bone kind of popped out and the joint kind of went out of place but I put it back in he said. I really like what Im doing I got my distance back and everything is good.
Spring is in the air which means the football season has reached the business end of the campaign across the country. So whether your side is competing to win the Barclays Premier League or scrapping to stay in the Vanarama Conference Sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues as they are confirmed. BARCLAYS PREMIER LEAGUE . Champions Chelsea . Relegated TBD . Should Villa claim victory at Wembley then only two Europa League places will be available to fifth and sixth place. SKY BET CHAMPIONSHIP . Automatic promotion Bournemouth Watford . Relegated Notts County Crawley Town Leyton Orient and Yeovil Town . Bristol City celebrate being crowned League One champions after goalless draw against Coventry . Playoff qualification Wycombe Wanderers Southend United Stevenage Borough Plymouth Argyle .
Bird numbers have dramatically declined in Fukushima research has revealed. Scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident. They found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today. The barn swallow for example dropped from hundreds to dozens. This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds . It was caused when the plant was hit by a tsunami triggered by the 9.0 Tohoku earthquake. Dr Tim Mousseau and his team made the findings using thermoluminescent detectors which use gammaradiationsensitive crystals shown to measure radiation doses in individual subjects living in the wild .
EA Sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their latest golf game EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour which is due out in July. McIlroy replaced Tiger Woods as the cover star for EA Sports PGA Tour video games this year. The latest version of the longrunning game series due out on July 16 features a number of new features including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics. The game offers offers multiple ways to play including arcade controls where the left stick is used to control power and accuracy with the ability to add spin to the shot while the ball is in the air. Fans can also mix and match all three settings to create their own custom gameplay style. Courses themselves also affect how your shots are played. Firmer linksstyle courses like St Andrews will provide more bounce and roll while softer courses such as TPC Sawgrass will have less bounce and be more receptive to spin. Preorder now at easports.com.
From working late to boring marriages and just not being in love any more theres no end to the excuses deployed by cheating spouses to get themselves off the hook. But one man has taken the art of the creative excuse to a new level and claimed his sexually transmitted disease was the result of car exhaust rather than cheating according to his ex. 33yearold Stuart had said exgirlfriend Sophie offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating after discovering that she had mysteriously contracted chlamydia. Scroll down for video . Car exhaust Stuart pictured with wife Linda claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust . I got a test for chlamydia because Im sure he cheated on me fumed Sophie during an appearance on the Jeremy Kyle Show. I never said that! he insisted. Falling apart Stuarts many falsehoods were swiftly unpicked by host Jeremy Kyle . Adding to Stuarts pain was Sophies mother Kathy who accused him of refusing to pay child support and instead proffering a 20 note every two weeks.
It was 25 years ago this week that the skeletal remains of a woman were found near Daytona Beach in Florida  and police are still trying to find out who she is and who killed her. The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23 1990. Investigators believe her badly decomposed remains which consisted mostly just bones had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered. The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open and police hope a new facial reconstruction using the latest technology with help them finally solve the murder. She was never identified . A forensic artist recently created a lifelike computergenerated image of the womans face which is the biggest development in the case in yearsThe Daytona Beach News Journal reported. According to forensics the woman seems to have had multiple children. Pat Thoman at 3862541535. Anonymous tips can also be lodged using Crime Stoppers of Volusia and Flagler counties at 888277TIPS 8477.
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a divaesque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. The video which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening shows Quaid  famed for roles in blockbusters such as Wyatt Earp Any Given Sunday and The Day After Tomorrow  losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. I am acting here and this dhead wanders onto my set. I cant even get a line out until Dopey the Dick starts whispering in your ear and youre not even watching anymore the 61yearold actor screams. This is the most unprofessional set I have ever been on! As one voice off camera tries to calm the actor down Quaid yells Dont fking Dennis me before storming off the set. One commenter who claimed to work for Jimmy Kimmel Live said the video is a prank but didnt give any further details. Its unclear what movie hes shooting ... when this rant went down or if its even real.
Authorities in Virginia are searching for the cell phone of a missing young woman 40 miles from where she was last seen. Norfolk Police continued to look for Anjelica AJ Hadsell 18 who has been missing since March 2 and focused on a pond near Carrsville after a new tip. Local resident Steve Hines said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the Longwood University freshmans phone which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance. Scroll down for video . The stepfather has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges . Its not like I had the jacket I didnt plant the jacket I didnt know anything about that. During a search of Wesleys hotel room police found 72 rounds of ninemillimeter ammunition. He admitted to increasing cocaine use but said that he just wants to see his daughter home. They say Hadsell was followed by a white fourdoor compact car less than one minute later and that another neighbor spotted a similar white car in the familys driveway around the same time. AJ is described as standing at 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighing 120 pounds.
A tiny garden gnome that appeared on the cover of the Beatles Sgt Peppers album and was signed by all four band member has sold for 29000. The cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress Diana Dors singer Bob Dylan and actor Marlon Brando on the psychedelic cover of the groundbreaking 1967 album. In total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves  but because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead. Other wellknown figures include writer Edgar Allen Poe dancer Fred Astaire comedians Laurel and Hardy and boxer Sonny Liston poet Dylan Thomas and philosopher Karl Marx. John Lennon had wanted models of Jesus and Adolf Hitler to be included but his requests were denied. The album cover ended up being so extravagant that the final cost of producing the artwork was 3000  a whopping 50000 in todays money. Peter Blake pictured and Jann Haworth designed the iconic cover using an ink drawing by Paul McCartney as inspiration . It is an incredible Beatles artefact.
CNNThe United States and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne Switzerland on Thursday that limits Irans nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon. Expect pushback anyway if the recent past is any harbinger. Just last month in an attempt to head off such an agreement House Speaker John Boehner invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to preemptively blast it before Congress and 47 senators sent a letter to the Iranian leadership warning them away from a deal. The debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light. Let us address some of these . But that is not and never was the objective. If it had been there would have been no Iranian team at the negotiating table. It would reduce Irans lowenriched uranium stockpile cut by twothirds its number of installed centrifuges and implement a rigorous inspection regime. This provision will be permanent. Treaties impose equivalent obligations on all signatories. Those judgments should be factbased not based on questionable assertions or dubious assumptions.
Depraved Islamic State militants have deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of Americanproduced Halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in wartorn Syria. The barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo even though the meat being was slaughtered according to Islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption. The food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States  something ISIS considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat. The photo shows a close up shot of the apparent label which states the meat had been produced by an Illinoisbased company and inspected by the U.S. food standard agency. Instead the two lorries were stopped by ISIS religious police force  known as AlHesbah  at a checkpoint in Aleppo province where the cargo was deemed unlawful.
FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo on Wednesday disputed the Confederation of African Footballs claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent Sepp Blatter in the presidential elections next month. The former Portugal international in Egypt at the CAF Congress to canvass for votes told Sportsmail he did not believe all Africa was solidly behind Blatter who seeks reelection on May 29 against Figo Prince Ali bin Al Hussein of Jordan and the Dutch football association president Michael van Praag. This time we heard just a normal applause which confirms my idea that a lot of African countries understand and agree with the need to change for the better of everyone especially the national associations. In fact there were federation presidents who ensured me they would vote for me but they were reluctant to saying this out loud because they feared reactions against them their federations and even their countries said Figo. Football should be about a beautiful game and people should be able to express themselves freely and openly. When Blatter came to power in 1998 Hayatou pledged Africas votes to rival Lennart Johansson of Sweden but most defied him to vote Blatter into power.
Lord Janner sent a thank you Christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges it emerged yesterday . The note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament. The revelation of Janners apparent attempt to influence the police came amid fresh concerns about the Establishment coverup of the Labour grandees alleged paedophilia. Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into Janner since 1991 but attempts to bring him to justice were repeatedly blocked. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders announced earlier this month that he should been have charged on each occasion. Someone higher up told us that we couldnt just arrest an MP and it went no further. I was extremely frustrated. His deputy David Gandy took over temporarily until a fulltime replacement was appointed the next year. Janners family have issued a statement insisting he is entirely innocent of any wrongdoing. Now it has emerged that Janner could be examined by experts as part of compensation claims brought by his alleged victims.
CNNA Connecticut teen who has been forced to have chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin lymphoma will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being according to her attorney Josh Michtom. A Connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision Wednesday denying a motion to let the teen identified in court documents as Cassandra C. go home. The judge also denied a motion for visitation. The 17yearold is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments. On March 16 Michtom tried to convince the court that she should be able to return to her mothers home because she was no longer at imminent risk of harm from her illness. Were conferring with our clients now about next steps including whether to take another appeal. Cassandra was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September and medical experts gave her an 85 chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy. Shes seen in her case the side effects werent bad and shes been welltreated by the nurses and doctors and does want to complete the treatment he said.
An Anzac soldiers cricketing skills were put to good use on the battlefields of Gallipoli when he picked up Turkish bombs and threw them back at the enemy during World War I. Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor 30 received a Victoria Cross for his 48hour effort that saw him lob live palmsized iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine to save the lives of his comrades. The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive. LCpl Keysor even caught some of the bombs in midair Channel 7s Sunday Night reported. Scroll down for video . He had moved to Sydney after living in Canada for 10 years and had been a clerk for most of his life. Hes one of those blokes thats obviously got great handeye coordination. His grand niece Keira Quinn Lockyer said her great uncle was a humble man who did not think he did anything special . He doesnt know how many seconds how many fractions of a second hes got before he flings it back Mr Manera told the news program. I was noticed and that was the difference she said.
A Russian aerospace commander has sensationally claimed that some spy satellites are masquerading as space junk in Earth orbit. The official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were and which countries were operating them. It suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on Earth. Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk artists illustration of a satellite shown. But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse . Some are used to simply take images from the ground while others relay information from one place to another. The comments were made yesterday on Space Day when Russia commemorated the first human spaceflight  Yuri Gagarin on 12 April 1961. Their Space Command is a division of the military responsible for warning of missile and air strikes and controlling Russias defence satellites. It monitors about 20000 objects orbiting the planet out of a total of 100000 significant objects.
CNNAaron Hernandez is known for his swagger. Should he act any differently when hes on trial for murder? When the once rising star for the New England Patriots walks into court each day with what appears to be an air of confidence  or is it bravado? he enters from a connecting holding room. Some court security officers who escort him are as tall and muscular as he is. Besides that certain bounce to his step theres usually a smile. Jury deliberations resume Wednesday . Watch Downward Spiral Inside the Case against Aaron Hernandez tonight at 9 p.m. ET. But when his mother fiancée brother and other friends attend he winks nods smiles jokes laughs flirts with his fiancée and mouths greetings to them including thanks for coming and I love you. Theyve been representing him since June 2013. There was an unfortunate moment. Rules forbid contact. It did not go unnoticed by the family of victim Odin Lloyd. Hernandez does not avoid looking in their direction.
Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini insists that reports Xherdan Shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer are completely made up. The Switzerland international joined the Italians from Bayern Munich in January for a fee in the region of 12million signing a fourandahalf year contract. The 23yearold made a fine start to his Inter career but has tailed off in recent weeks and has found himself dropped to the bench for the previous two Serie A matches. We bought Shaqiri last January because we think that he can have a big future at Inter. Then during the season there might be a moment when a players form drops and there are other players that in that moment are able to step in. So thats the only situation going on right now. He is our player. I am sure that Shaqiri next season will achieve great things.
CNNAll we want for Christmas is you Mariah Carey! According to EW New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yetuntitled project with Careys good friend director Brett Ratner coproducing. Its a little bit about how music can take you back in time Shestack told EW. Here are five reasons this movie has to happen . Duh! The Backstreet Boys have a documentary out NBC is bringing the sitcom Coach back to television JNCO jeans are being spotted and theres talk of a new version of Full House. You cant forget about her . Shes come a long way from Glitter Carey was ridiculed for the dismal 2001 film Glitter but she has more than since redeemed herself with small roles in the critically acclaimed Lee Daniels films Precious and The Butler. The Diva still reigns . It really is everything.
He was once the most powerful man in the world but former US President Bill Clinton says he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife Hillary decide to run for President. In an interview with Town  Country Magazine the 68yearold revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning adding that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelseas sixmonthold daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory. Ive told Hillary that I dont think Im good at campaigning anymore because Im not mad at anybody. Im a grandfather and I got to see my granddaughter last night and I cant be mad. Scroll down for video . Back seat? Mrs Clinton is widely expected to launch a bid within the next two weeks . Many of his political advisers joined her campaign and some of them didnt get on with Mrs Clintons staff. We might have to change the foundation rules again. A thousand things could happen. She told Jimmy Kimmel that they are embracing their new roles as grandma and grandpa Clinton.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers vowed not to give up on Champions League qualification after a convincing 20 win over Newcastle. The Reds moved within four points of the Barclays Premier League top four after goals from Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen saw off the struggling Magpies at Anfield. With fading champions Manchester City now looking vulnerable in fourth Liverpools hopes  which took a hefty blow in backtoback losses to Manchester United and Arsenal  could have been reignited. Raheem Sterling wheels away in celebration after scoring Liverpools opener . We have shown we can put results together consistently. We have important players coming back which is good news. Asked if Sissoko could be fined Carver said I am sure there will be some kind of disciplinary procedure. He said The game hinged on a huge decision. Lovren clears the ball with his head as Lucas and Perez also scrap for the ball . It was a bad goal to concede. One or two guys rolled their sleeves up. We didnt get a result but I saw enough.
A large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on Friday in Central California closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people four of them critically authorities said. It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriffs gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt. Scroll down for video .
A 65yearold schoolteacher is set to become the oldest woman ever to give birth to quadruplets. German Annegret Raunigk already has 13 children and her remarkable story will be featured in a TV documentary. Her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs. Scroll down for video . Her gynaecologist initially mentioned the possibility of a selective reduction where one or more fetuses is aborted in a multifetal pregnancy but she declined. But the English and Russian teacher who is due to retire this year said she decided to have the babies as she was still quite fit and capable of looking after them. She added I dont think I will have any problems. Ms Raunigk from Berlin previously made headlines in Germany when she had her daughter Leila at the age of 55.
Google launched a new U.S. wireless service today that switches between WiFi and cellular networks . Google is already the worlds most popular phone software provider and a payTV operator  and now it wants to be your mobile network carrier. The service called Project Fi debuted today about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its evergrowing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones. Each gigabyte of data will cost 10 a month. The major carriers though offer a variety of family plans that could still be better deals than Project Fi. Scroll down for video . To use the service Nexus 6 owners must signup to request an invitation must have a Gmail address and must live in a US zip code within the coverage area. In this map the dark green areas are covered by the services 4G LT the lime green is covered by 3G and the pale green by 2G . Calls can be made via Hangouts on Android iOS and through Gmail on desktops via the Hangouts widget. There is no annual service contract required when you sign up .
Tiger Woods declared himself ready to compete for a fifth Masters title after completing 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday. Woods has started just two events in 2015 shooting a careerworst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after just 11 holes of the second on February 5. That led to the 14time major winner taking a break from competition to work on his game during which time he dropped outside the worlds top 100 for the first time since September 1996 a slide which continued on Monday as he fell from 104th to 111th. Woods was given a warm welcome by the crowd and stopped to sign several autographs at Augusta . I felt good. Chipping is fine. I wanted to test out some wedges out here. Its been a process. He hit a couple of shots that were a little off but a lot of quality shots. I hope hes happy. You will hear about it because you socialise with people. It shouldnt be like this in my opinion. I never experienced someone who played better than him.
Long multistop air journeys neednt be a bore. Here Mail Online Travel reveals the best  and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport. TURKEY ARCHERY IN MINNESOTA . If spas business lounges and oyster bars are not your thing how about spending your layover wielding a bow and arrow? DEER HUNTING IN PITTSBURGH . Drink too much . Eat something dodgy . Dreaming of oysters? Get currency for the layover . Its best to put any between flight purchases you make on your credit card to avoid paying hefty conversion fees. If you have a half day stopover Gulf Adventures runs with a four hour offroading trip into the expansive dunes that fill the southern Qatar and can pick you up from the airport. At 112 foot tall and weighing over 250 tonnes it is the largest outdoor seated bronze Buddha in the world and one of Hong Kongs top tourist attractions. Singapore airport offers travellers a free twohour city tour which includes the famous Fountain of Wealth . Fancy some ohms? San Francisco International Airport has two rooms dedicated to practicing yoga .
The European Union launched a . with Moscow as it accused the Russian gas giant of overcharging . Our preliminary . Gazprom has been able to charge higher prices in some . exSoviet Baltic states and formerly communist Poland and . predecessor.
A federal judge has ordered the Internal Revenue Service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit taxexempt status. The decision from U.S. District Judge Susan Dlott means rightwing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a classaction lawsuit against the IRS. The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with redflag words like patriots or tea party in their names. While those organizations applications were held up for years liberal groups sailed through the process. Federal taxexempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose including issue advocacy and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . F.U.I.R.S. Dlott could then choose to certify that list as a class of plaintiffs. Former IRS official Lois Lerner who has been at the center of the targeting scandal since it emerged in 23 months ago was facing the possibility of criminal Contempt of Congress charges until the Obama administrations Department of Justice declined on Monday to prosecute her.
CNNAn American teenager who helped her boyfriend stuff her mothers lifeless body into a suitcase at an upmarket hotel in Bali has been sentenced to 10 years in prison. Heather Mack 19 who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago was found guilty with her 21yearold boyfriend Tommy Schaefer of killing Sheila von WieseMack on the Indonesian island last August. Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von WieseMack to death in room 317 of the St. Regis Bali Resort. Schaefer had claimed he killed his girlfriends mother in selfdefense after a violent argument erupted over the young couples relationship. They told the driver theyd be back soon but after a lengthy wait he alerted hotel staff who inspected the bag noticed blood and called police. She squeezed my neck for about 20 to 30 seconds. I couldnt breathe. The two were tried separately though both trials were heard by the same court with the same prosecutors. Journalists Fairuz Husaini and Ragil Lestari and CNNs Kathy Quiano contributed to this report.
John Higgins narrowly defeated Judd Trump 54 to move into the quarterfinals of the China Open where he will face home favourite and defending champion Ding Junhui. The veteran Scot recovered from losing the opening frame to move 42 ahead but both players were struggling for rhythm in Beijing. Trump narrowed the gap and a break of 68 helped the UK Championship finalist take the match to a decider where Higgins prevailed after overturning a 59point deficit. Trump had a 59 point lead in the deciding frame before being dumped out by the veteran Scotsman . His reward will be a clash with world No 4 Ding who dispatched twotime world champion Mark Williams 52. Masters champion Shaun Murphy was in fine form against Jamie Jones whose late rally counted for nothing in a 53 defeat. World No 1 Mark Selby moved into the quarter finals with a routine win over David Gilbert . Breaks of 76 87 51 and 79 helped Barry Hawkins to a 53 triumph over Stephen Maguire and a clash with Gary Wilson a convincing 51 winner over Dechawat Poomjaeng.
Tehran Iran CNNThere is a Persian proverb that says A good year is determined by its spring. For many Iranians the historic decision by Tehran and six world powers  the United States Britain France Germany Russia and China  to continue nuclear negotiations under a joint comprehensive plan of action is an indication that this years Norouz the Persian New Year that started on March 21 will be a superb one indeed. Although edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they had hoped for many people it shows excellent progress and thats what they want. It paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehrans nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community. READ MORE Will Irans Supreme Leader drink poison of peace? And now he has. A full deal ultimately represents a referendum on the Rouhani administrations foreign policy. 7 key points . Within this context many Iranians are jubilant. They should be. It would resuscitate the countrys ailing economy and improve their lives.
Jurgen Klopp rejected the overtures of West Ham United after handing in his notice at Borussia Dortmund. No matter it was worth a try. Now on to the next one. If Rafael Benitez wants to return to English football after leaving Napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic Olympic Stadium in a years time. West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture. Sam Allardyce isnt that man. Allardyce left pictured behind Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has not been up to scratch . Click here to read chief sports writer Martin Samuels brilliant column on Jack Grealish . Had their form since that day been played out through the season  12 points from 16 games  they would be bottom. If a new manager is being considered it is understandable.
The city of Naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy. It first became the capital of Myanmar a decade ago after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon also known as Rangoon with minimal explanation. Since then although developed to be the size of 120 Manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents it remains a relative ghost town. Scroll down for video . Built mainly for government staff locals only come to live in the city which looks more like no mans land than a booming metropolis if they need to for work. Official records state the population is just over 924000 though any photographs taken would beg to differ. Burmese workers walk past the massive Parliament building surrounded by high gates and empty 10 lane roads . The residential areas are carefully organised into 1200 fourstorey apartment blocks. But there are not many people around to enjoy the sights.
Just a day after being released from jail the man who was beaten by cops following a twoandahalf hour chase on horseback has spoken out to detail his painful arrest. Helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching 30yearold Francis Pusok more than 80 times on Thursday after he fled his southern California home when they tried to arrest him for identity theft charges. In an interview with NBC 4 on Monday Pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for 99 per cent of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear This isnt over. Scroll down for video . His girlfriend of 13 years Jolene Bindner pictured center . As the chase was coming to a close about two and a half hours later video shows Pusok falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and two deputies approach. I was there the whole time. That concerns me because we have children together and I dont want any kind of retaliation against me or my children she said. Thats how it rolls here thats what goes on every single day.
Cristiano Ronaldo brought up another landmark in his glittering career with his 300th goal for Real Madrid in his 288th game during the 20 La Liga victory at Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. The 30yearold becomes only the third player in Madrids history to achieve the feat and a breakdown of the statistics demonstrate just how relentless a goalscorer he is. Sevilla appear to be his favourite opponents with Ronaldo netting an astonishing 18 times against them since signing for Madrid in 2009. Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90 . Ronaldo left enjoyed his most prolific season in 201112 with 60 goals but could surpass the total this season . His record against Madrids biggest rivals is also not to be understated as he has scored 15 times each against Atletico Madrid and Barcelona. The pair are second on the Portugal internationals Madrid hitlist alongside Getafe.
CNNRebekah Gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict. It had been almost two years since Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the Boston Marathon setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others. In court last month she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street staring at her own bones. I do believe however that he should be held accountable for his actions. Gregory who wrote a widely publicized letter to Tsarnaev after testifying said the trial has left her and other victims reeling from a flood of emotions as they relive horrifying memories but its an important step. Everything is being brought up again full force. I may be standing on one fake leg but Im standing here stronger than ever because someone tried to destroy me and he failed. There were no outbursts inside the federal courthouse in Boston. Obviously we are grateful for the outcome today Brassard tolder reporters. You cant call it celebration. That view was commonly shared. Just ask Jeff Bauman. CNNs Ann ONeill and Steve Almasy contributed to this report.
A drunken Alaskan man was arrested after he stole a forklift to retrieve his pickup truck which hed crashed. Aleksandr Glushko 21 of Delta Junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck hed just crashed. But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site according to The Fairbanks Daily NewsMiner. He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol. Lieutenant Matt Soden from Fairbanks Police Department told the newspaper Police were on scene talking to the railroad worker when Mr. Glushko came driving back up on the forklift. Glushko was cooperative and agreed to take a breathalcohol test. It registered 0.230 almost three times the intoxication standard of 0.08 Soden said. He remained in jail Tuesday.
How good to welcome Padraig Harrington back to Augusta after a years absence complete with his weird and wonderful practiceground routines. On Friday he was at it again but my favourite moment remains his plaintive lament after a mediocre round Im focusing so much on my focus Im overfocused. Padraig Harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the Masters on Friday . Headline writers everywhere will be keeping fingers crossed that golf continues to prove an addiction for the highly rated US Public Links champion Byron Meth who opened with a 74 on his Masters debut. PAR FOUR PROBLEMS . The stats from a brilliant day one made fascinating reading. The par fives are the scoring holes and lived up to their billing since all of them had a scoring average under the regulation mark. TAKING POETIC LICENSE . They came they saw they bought souvenirs it begins. NICKLAUS OR 99? As for Tiger Woods hell surely launch his own iced lolly soon. AUGUSTA SEES REDS . It is not just former Liverpool captain Jamie Redknapp whos enjoying these sacred acres this week but the clubs greatest ever player as well.
Manchester United crushed Manchester City 42 at Old Trafford and sparked a string on viral images on Twitter. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City but Ashley Young Marouane Fellaini Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck before Agueros second to allbut end the champions Barclays Premier League title hopes. David Moyes is labelled as a football genius for signing goalscorers Juan Mata and Marouane Fellaini . A screenshot from the Austin Powers films pokes fun at Manchester Citys sudden loss in form . Fellaini has been transformed from a joke figure to a key player during this season at Old Trafford . The idea of City fans changing allegiances was popular. Here they are looking at buying a Chelsea shirt . Chris Smalling scored his fourth league goal of the season which matches expensive loanee Radamel Falcao . its clear who the big winners were in the Manchester derby from this image .
Sports propensity to play mind games with its protagonists was rarely more obviously stated than after qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix when Nico Rosberg cursed his Mercedes team. Hamilton the world champion was relaxed and delighted having taken pole but Rosberg his teammate was grimfaced demoralised and made his first public criticism of his team. Nico Rosberg will start behind polesitter Lewis Hamilton with Sebastian Vettel third on the grid in China . Rosberg who is customarily gracious in defeat fell slightly short of Hamiltons mark and was grumpy afterwards. He said It was not ideal to put me under pressure like that. Sparks fly off the back of Rosbergs Mercedes during qualifying for Sundays race in Shanghai . The German has now been outqualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season . So there are many opportunities. Barely a hairs breadth separated the former champions. Button said I guess we hoped we might be just a bit closer than we were today.
The will of Princess Diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button. Dianas final wishes for the disposal of her 21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online. Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen. Scroll down for video . Possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17 godchildren while the rest went to her sons William and Harry. Qadir Ahmed runs the secure Iron Mountain facility in a leafy suburb of Birmingham where row upon row of the documents are kept in temperaturecontrolled storage under tight security. Paul Burrell was given 50000 by Diana when she died . There are some really touching stories inside these files  people like Paul Hunter who in his will says To my unborn child I leave ... and that is genuinely touching. Once someone goes through probate thats it. He gave his country home Chartwell in Kent to the National Trust to be a museum after his death.
Forget sunbathing now you can spend your holiday learning to strip. Burlesque queen Dita Von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch a luxury health resort in Tucson Arizona. With an emphasis on selfconfidence boosting the forty twoyearold fashion designer and author famous for her raunchy routines will run presentations and classes incorporating the principles of modern burlesque  the art form she famously revived. Von Teese real name Heather Renée Sweet will team up with burlesque teacher Catherine DLish to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop. Instead of hitting the resorts fitness centre plucky holidaymakers can take part in a Fit Strip class hosted by Von Teese herself along with fitness staff from the ranch. And for those wanting a deeper understanding of American burlesque which first gained popularity as early as 1860 there will be history sessions during which Von Teese will show guests treasured items from her personal collection of memorabilia. We are confident that this program will appeal to our current guests as well as those whove never before visited Canyon Ranch. A fivenight stay at Canyon Ranch costs 5460 around 3565 per person including accommodation meals airport transfers and spa treatments and unlimited classes.
CNNGovernments around the world are using the threat of terrorism  real or perceived  to advance executions Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. The dark trend of governments using the death penalty in a futile attempt to tackle real or imaginary threats to state security and public safety was stark last year said Salil Shetty Amnestys Secretary General in a release. It is shameful that so many states around the world are essentially playing with peoples lives  putting people to death for terrorism or to quell internal instability on the illconceived premise of deterrence. The annual report catalogs the use of statesanctioned killing as a punitive measure across the globe and this years edition contains some mixed findings. On one hand the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22 on the previous year. Opinion Sharp spike in death sentences . I think we would always highlight that there are positive developments Gaughran said. In 2014 Amnesty International raised particular concerns in relation to court proceedings in Afghanistan Bangladesh China Egypt Iran Iraq North Korea Pakistan Saudi Arabia and Sri Lanka.
CNNBy now you probably have a position regarding the controversy over Indianas religious freedom law. Or like Indiana Gov. That may be true only if youre using a Funhouse mirror Schumer wrote on his Facebook page. The key difference in the Indiana law is that it expands the instances where someone can use religious freedom as a defense. In 2006 Vanessa Willock contacted a photographer about shooting her commitment ceremony with her partner. This was in New Mexico a state with a religious freedom law at the time of the dispute. Today it is being championed by Republicans. They lost the case. Many states are using the laws to carve out exceptions to allow Christians to deny services to samesex couples. Holbrook said. Not so fast. The ruling in effect expanded the reach of the federal law to include a business. And their recourse is limited.
A mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from Asda. Paula Dunican spent 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury Kent. But when the 49yearold took it home to try on she noticed a dark stain seeping through from the its lining. Inside a four inchlong gecko was flattened its scales imprinted onto the fabric. I think it must have been ironed  it was disgusting. A spokesman for Asda apologised and offered her a 40 voucher and refund . Meanwhile in February a disgusted shopper found the severed head of a frozen rat in a bag of frozen spinach.
For the first time astronomers have found the building blocks of life in a distant early star system. Scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming. The discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system. Both this molecule and its simpler organic cousin hydrogen cyanide were identified in the cold outer reaches of the newly formed disc. The region can be compared with our solar systems Kuiper Belt a realm of icy miniworlds and comets beyond Neptune. Astronomers used the Atacama Large Millimetresubmillimetre Array Alma a powerful suit of interacting radio telescopes in Chiles Atacama desert to investigate MWC 480. Almas high sensitivity antennae have now shown that such molecules not only form and survive but thrive . During a talk in Washington yesterday the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extraterrestrials within a decade. We are talking about little microbes.
David Cameron will today warn English voters the SNPs new powers could impact their lives . David Cameron will today risk infuriating the SNP by vowing to conduct an annual review of the fairness of the Scottish governments policies on the rest of the UK. A Conservative government would create a new principle to ensure decisions by Holyrood do not have an unforeseen detrimental effect for people south of the border he will say. For instance cancer drugs have been made available on the NHS in Scotland that are not prescribed elsewhere meaning taxpayers in England and Wales are contributing to funding them but not benefiting. Mr Cameron risks the wrath of Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon pictured above with his announcement . The expremier could be deployed to speak as early as tomorrow. To them Im just a normal dad who they think is a bit square and sometimes embarrassing. They rib me about you know anything from my CD collection to what I watch on TV. Were in negotiations. She has said it would fine if her children copied her. I love Samanthas tattoo its very small very discreet.
A family overheard a terrifying message on their young sons baby monitor after the device and its camera were hacked. When the Washington couples threeyearold had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night his parents had put it down to their toddlers overactive imagination reported CBS New York. That was until one night when they heard a strange mans voice come over the monitor to tell their son Wake up little boy daddys looking for you. Technology experts have now warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate familys baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet. If somebody else has your login information they can go to that same app and log into your webcam which is what happened here Ulanoff said. Earlier this month another couple  this time from Rochester Minnesota  discovered their baby monitors and cameras had been infiltrated after they found footage from the nanny cam posted online according to Redbook. We were sleeping in bed and basically heard music coming from the nursery but then when we went into the room the music turned off she told KTTC.
A Chinese villager who was desperate to become a grandfather has been arrested for buying a wife for his son then reselling her to another family after realising she was infertile. The man known only as Xu even tried to impregnate the daughterinlaw himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time. Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of Lianyungang city in eastern China according to the Peoples Daily Online. Hoping for a grandchild to carry on the bloodline he spent 12000 yuan 1311 purchasing a wife for his son who has learning difficulties through a middleman at the beginning of 2014. Its reported that the young bride known only as Wang is also mentally impaired. We asked her Wang name and age but she couldnt answer said Gao Ming a policeman at Guanyun County police station.
Dawn arrived on 6 March the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet and is now preparing for the key science phase of the mission. However the images have not yet revealed what the mystery bright spots on the surface of the world are which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike. Ceres is 590 miles 950 km across and was discovered in 1801. It lies less than three times as far as Earth from the sun  close enough to feel the warmth of the star allowing ice to melt and reform. Dawn has been using its ion propulsion system to rendezvous with the dwarf planet since leaving the giant asteroid Vesta in 2012. Credit Nasa . They could also be towering water volcanoes but more observations will be needed to confirm or deny this. These images from Dawns visible and infrared mapping spectrometer VIR highlight two regions on Ceres containing bright spots.
Atletico Madrids Vicente Calderon has long been a fortress with no team scoring there in the Champions League for 663 minutes. Last season the now Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was the reason for that but now the man keeping the clean sheets is Jan Oblak. Sportsmail looks at the 22yearold who has made Atletico fans forget about Courtois... and David De Gea. No one knew too much about him last season outside of Portugal and Slovenia so was it a gamble? You only have to look at his price tag to see how highlyrated he was. He cost 16million 11.5m and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper. Oblak gets down low to keep out a shot from Real Madrids James Rodriguez in the second half . But the backup became first choice because Oblak had a right hip injury in preseason and wasnt 100 per cent when the campaign started. Simeones number two Mono Burgos is a big fan. Oblak put in an impressive performance for Atletico against their great rivals Madrid on Tuesday . He speaks some English some Portuguese and some Spanish so he can make himself understood without problems. Other strengths?
The Hollywood ReporterGood news arrived Thursday for Fifty Shades of Grey fans. Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10 2017. The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9 2018. Niall Leonard who is married and has two sons with the British author is an author himself in addition to being a screenwriter. James whose real name is Erika Leonard has been credited with keeping a strong amount of creative control when it comes to Universals adaptations of her books the second of which is titled Fifty Shades Darker. After clashing with James Sam TaylorJohnson isnt returning to direct the sequel. Stars Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan are negotiating for more money for the sequel after the first film release over Valentines Day weekend of this year earned a massive 568.8 million worldwide. All rights reserved.
A neoNazi charged with killing a gay supervisor at a community college said he did so because he hates homosexuality. Stancil who gave himself fascist face tattoos is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina where he is accused of fatally shooting 44yearold Ron Lane. Kenneth Morgan Stancil III 20 told Raleighs WRALTV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances to Stancils 16yearold brother. Scroll down for video . A Goldsboro police spokesman did not immediately return a phone message on Thursday about that allegation. If I get life I just get life. Im a murderer you know what the hell do I got to care? I dont believe in race mixing. But the sheriffs department told the station it has no report of any unsolved homicides that match Stancils account. Lane was gay and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime. Very much verbally inappropriate she said. Stancil pictured with his mother Debbie at his graduation.
The brass lamp is being sold at auction in June by auctioneers Hansons above with model in period costume A brass desk lamp used by Florence Nightingale as she wrote about her nursing experiences in the Crimean War is to be sold at auction. It was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family at Lea Hurst near Matlock Derbyshire. Dating back to around 1840 the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall Derbyshire on June 26. She wrote of what she had seen in the conflict with her 1859 Notes on Nursing still considered as having shaped the profession today. She had been sent to Selimiye Barracks in Scutari now Istanbul in 1854 to care for soldiers. Auctineer Charles Hanson said The lamp is quite remarkable. It has a wonderful provenance which confirms it helped ignite Florence and her writings late into many a Derbyshire night. Such an iconic object and its association with such a leading lady will be guided at 10002000.
The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has denied that partisan politics in Washington DC could derail Americas landmark agreement to curb Irans nuclear capabilities. Countering President Barack Obamas previous assertion Senator Bob Corker a Republican from Tennessee said on Sunday that congressional oversight doesnt mean there wont be a deal. The 62yearold politician continued We just set in place a process to ensure that if theres a deal its a deal that will stand the test of time that will keep Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Scroll down for video . The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30. In defending the framework and a potential final pact US Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz cited what he called unprecedented access and transparency into Irans nuclear activities. This is a longterm arrangement he stressed with requirements lasting a quarter century or more. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has criticized the framework as deeply flawed and a threat to Israels very existence. Other Republicans have echoed Netanyahus concerns. I think so Graham said on CBS Face The Nation. And it would not build any new heavywater reactors for 15 years.
First blood to United after their Under 18s saw off City 10 in the miniderby. Kits aside this was probably as far removed from Sundays big match as you could imagine. For a start no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kickoff were English. Of those 10 were Mancunian. Callum Gribbin was the matchwinner for Manchester United with a delightful freekick . Ticket prices? Altrinchams compact 6000capacity home may not be Old Trafford but it does have a proud history of its own. The young Reds coach wanted to make the experience closer to what his tyros could expect should they make the step up to the seniors. In an even firsthalf the impressive Marcus Wood from just down the road in Sale came closest for City with an audacious chip. On the evidence of this entertaining 90 minutes high on skill and commitment there are talents on both sides that may well deserve their chance in the On the evidence of this entertaining 90 minutes high on skill and commitment there are talents on both sides that may well deserve their chance in the coming years.
Disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman pictured is said to have played the race card to silence opponents  and his deputy today reiterated claims there is deep seated racism in the borough of Tower Hamlets in east London . A deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman yesterday appeared to blame the voterigging scandal on institutional racism. Oliur Rahman who took over from the deposed leader yesterday insisted there was deeprooted racism within the East London borough of Tower Hamlets. His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud and found he had repeatedly played the race card to silence critics. The two men  who are not related  are both members of the Tower Hamlets First party. They roll out this hoary old chestnut every time anything happens. Now theyre playing it again despite the court case. Nothing has changed. Supporters said he continued to deny any wrongdoing. Police have been urged to launch a fresh investigation into fraud in the 2014 mayoral election which will be rerun in June.
CNNMost kids want to go out and play when they finish their homework early. But Zuriel Oduwole isnt most kids. When she gets ahead of her work she packs her camera and microphones jumps on a plane and interviews presidents instead. Born in California to a Nigerian father and a Mauritian mother Oduwole is often described as the worlds youngest filmmaker. Aged 12 she already has four documentaries under her belt  all of which focus on African issues. Jerry John Rawlings Ghana John Kufour Ghana Joyce Banda Malawi Jakaya Kikwete Tanzania Rajkeswur Purryag Mauritius Uhuru Kenyatta Kenya Goodluck Johnathan Nigeria Salva Kirr Mayardit South Sudan Ellen Johnson Sirleaf Liberia Jorge Fonseco Cape Verde Portia Simpson Miller Jamaica Thomas Thabane Lesotho Ralph Gonsalves St Vincent  Grenadines Denzil Douglas St Kitts  Nevis After this first foray into filmmaking Oduwole was bitten by the directors bug and quickly wanted to make more movies. She followed it up in 2014 with her movie Technology in Educational Development. Ive also been able to interview business leaders like my friend Mr Aliko Dangote. The boys go to school and get an education while the girls stay at home. More from African Voices .
This is the deafening moment a mother of six boys finds out shes finally having a girl after the seventh time trying. Video shows Cher Lair from Apex North Carolina cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement. After falling back in surprise she then gets down on her knees repeatedly panting Oh my God. They cant all be boys. Lair says that shes nervous about a girl entering such a boy house but shes excited to doing mommy daughter things. I want to . . . Currently there is no word on possible names.
Manchester United star Ryan Giggs has apologised to his brother for the eightyear affair he had with his wife. His apology came nearly four years after bedding her for the last time. Ryan 41 phoned Rhodri 38 and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship. Reconciliation Rhodri left and brother Ryan right have ended their fouryear feud over the affair . A source told the Sun newspaper that Ryan rang Rhodri out of the blue a few weeks ago. A clubber said They were sitting in the VIP area and looked like they were enjoying each others company again. Ryan Giggs attempt at silencing Imogen Thomas backfired when a Twitter campaign resulted in an MP naming him in parliament . He spent 150000 getting a High Court injunction against her. Natasha 32 had a son last year with a new partner. Its been difficult. I will lose my job if I lost my licence he said.
Former Bayern Munich manager Ottmar Hitzfeld believes the German giants should replace Pep Guardiola with Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre. The Spaniard who has been in the dugout at the Allianz Arena since last season has yet to commit his future to Bayern beyond the end of his contract which expires at the end of the 201616 season. And Hitzfield believes Favre whose Monchengladbach side currently sit fourth in the Bundesliga standings as they edge closer towards Champions League football next season is the man to replace Guardiola should he leave Bayern. VIDEO Scroll down to see the goals from Monchengladbachs recent win over Dortmund . Favre is a coach who has worked really well with Gladbach. He is certainly a candidate for Bayern when Guardiola eventually quits. Hitzfeld left spent two different spells as Bayern boss and retired in 2014 after managing Switzerland .
Cheesy slogans such as reach for the stars could be detrimental to pupils it has been claimed. Carl Hendrick head of learning and research at Wellington College Berkshire has attacked the tidal wave of guff in classrooms. Above a stock image of a motivational poster . But the glossy notices are often reductively misinterpreted as you can achieve anything if you believe. Mr Hendrick argues that schools should concentrate on boosting pupils confidence by teaching them well and providing clear and achievable paths to academic success. Writing in a blog he claimed that motivational posters sit alongside a set of approaches that may well be doing more harm than good. It comes as teachers have been told they must not talk about getting fat or compliment colleagues on losing weight in front of pupils Governmentbacked guidance said. They should also avoid discussing unflattering photos of celebrities how ageing ravages peoples looks and fatshaming youngsters. The advice is supposed to help pupils develop positive body images amid societys intense focus on physical appearance.
Sauntering down leafy avenues past typical Dutch stepgabled buildings carpets of crocuses the occasional cyclist whooshing quietly by and the sun bouncing off the canal I can think of few more pleasant places to spend a spring weekend than The Hague. This is also prime territory for a gallery lover like me the beautiful elegant and nottoobig Mauritshuis was restored last year. This is also the home of Girl With A Pearl Earring the Dutch Mona Lisa. But I am not only here for the Vermeer Rembrandt and Hals. City? This is Europes biggest village says my guide Remco Dörr. It has a genteel moatcanal which encircles the historic centre. Remco tells me that many traffic lights have been taken out for aesthetic reasons. Next time I will rent a bicycle although the trams and buses are easy and cheap an allday pass costs 7.705.60. Over the moat we are in Noordeinde street. I take a 15minute tram to the place itself and gorge on scallops and sole at Catch by Simonis on the harbour front. British Airways 0844 493 0787 www.ba.com flies to Rotterdam Den Haag halfhour taxi from 100 return.
An ancient statue of the wife of Chinas first ruler is damaged  after tourists kept rubbing the womans exposed breast. Officials have complained the bronze sculpture of Yu The Greats wife has been worn down and discolored by sightseers constantly fondling the artwork reports The Peoples Daily. The statue which stands in a gardens in Wuhan the capital city of central Chinas Hubei Province is to honour Yu The Great who founded Chinas first dynasty in 2070 BC. Legend says that Yu and his wife were brought together by a ninetailed fox that lead them to one another . Locals accuse tourists of having a lack of respect for culture but admit the behaviour is unlikey to change . While little is known about his rule as his predates the earliest written records by nearly a millennium he is credited with building an immense system of flood defences in central China.
The Barclays Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 201415 season. As the campaign reaches its climax both Sky Sports and BT Sports allocation have been revealed with the race for the Champions League featuring prominently. Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch. Juan Mata celebrates scoring for Manchester United at Liverpool last month in a live TV match . Saturday May 2 . 1245pm Everton v Sunderland BT Sport 530pm Crystal Palace v Manchester United Sky Sports Sunday May 10 . 8pm West Bromwich Albion v Chelsea Sky Sports
Australias most notorious serial killer could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers had the wrong man not been sent to prison a new investigation has claimed. Channel Sevens Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milats first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution before going on to butcher seven backpackers. The revelation includes firsthand evidence from Milats older brother Boris into the killers secret victim. Scroll down for video . Former Detective Paul Gordon tells the program the evidence uncovered is unbelievable and incredible. Milat 70 was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW. He has been locked up in Goulburns Supermax jail for almost 20 years. The decapitated body of German backpacker Anja Habschied was then found along with her boyfriend Gabor Neugebauer on 3 November 1993 in shallow graves 50 metres apart. She tells me shes 25 white. As you know there are a lot of wackos out there as well. One of his letters revealed plans to cut off his own finger and mail it law enforcement.
This is the terrifying moment that one wrong move sent a climber tumbling 10 metres down an icy cliff face. Karlis Bardelis 30 from Latvia was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain Scotland when the accident happened. And footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose. Mr Berdalis said I was just thinking I hope I land somewhere soft and dont break any bones. Scroll down for video . You see his feet literally above his head as he continues to fall down the mountain headfirst . Karlis Bardelis left and Gary Kinsey right on Headhunters summit on January 28 2012. These kind of falls are very dangerous because Im carrying two ice tools and crampons both of which are really sharp and could cause serious injuries. And he attempted the level six climb with some trepidation. My crampons werent in a stable place so I fell.
Designer Lilly Pulitzers family learned that its not always about who you know  or who you are are related to  after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the Pink Sunday rush for the late Ms Pulitzers eponymous brands brightlycolored limited edition collaboration at Target. The 250piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning. Lilly Leas the 26yearold granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter managed to buy a floralprinted hammock online but only because she set an alarm. Meanwhile Mrs Pulitzers own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair  but missed out. Scroll down for video . BOYCOTT all secondhand seller of Targets Lilly Pulitzer Collection UNTIL the prices drop below cost. Just say no A Twitter user named Amanda noted that pieces from the collection will be returned to Target if everyone bands together and refuses to bid on any of items on eBay . ForcedAccountability LillyForEbay. LillyforTarget has a 14 day return window. A 30 tote bag was posted with a Buy It Now asking price of 300. Were taking a close look at what happened.
CNNCaught up in a rip current while snorkeling at Finns Beach in Bali Roxy Walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special. Engraved with the words Darling Joe Happy 70th Birthday 2009. But there were no other clues besides the fact that the words were written in English as to where the couple might live. She also created a Find Joe and Jenny page to track them down. Hi all. Its Roxy here. Love Jenny How amazing would it be to find him! Please click share. In clawing my way over the rocks the ring pulled off my finger. The Langleys 19yearold granddaughter saw the Facebook post April 9 and made the connection.
After Manchester United eased past Aston Villa to make it five Premier League wins on the bounce Juan Mata admitted his side still have work to do and must take every game as a final. The Spaniard has found his best form at a crucial part of the season with a place in the Champions League all but sealed and an opportunity to finish second a real possibility. United are currently above rivals Manchester City by one point and looking for a top two finish  where they can qualify automatically for the group stages  but Mata knows his side cant afford to slipup in the final seven games. The season has gone so quickly  it seems we were in preseason only a few months ago. But we still have some finals left before the end he told MUTV. So now we are thinking about Sunday against City and then we will think about the next one. Wayne Rooney right scored a spectacular second to give United a comfortable lead over the strugglers .
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that a civil servant leaked an official account of a private meeting between Nicola Sturgeon and the French ambassador. The SNP leader has denied telling French ambassador Sylvie Bermann that she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10 while suggesting that Ed Miliband was not Prime Minister material. Scroll down for video . She told supporters in Glasgow today that the Westminster establishment were afraid of the SNPs rise and called on Ed Miliband to commit to locking out David Cameron from Downing Street next month . Mr Coffinier  who was at the meeting  told Sky News that he had no recollection of Ms Sturgeons alleged comments. It suggests a Whitehall system out of control  a place where political dirty tricks are manufactured and leaked. And we know whats in the ransom note 148 billion more wasteful borrowing higher taxes on ordinary families weaker defences and more debt than our children could ever hope to repay. Her sole ambition is to break up the UK. He said Im very clear that there wont be a coalition with the SNP. I want a majority Labour government.
Set side by side its hard to believe theyre the same person. One with his shy smile steady gaze and dark hair. The other five decades on pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones sunken eyes and platinum blond hair. Scroll down for video . He had been left devastated by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Feys Netflix show . Among his many accolades listed are Assistant Editor of High School magazine the Morellian President of the Spanish Club Vice President of the Debate Club Vice President of the Political Science Club and a place on the National Honors Society. I was always questioning everything to see how it worked. Loss Three years before these pictures were taken when he was just 15 years old Brandts father died from complications of juvenile diabetes. Immediately after high school he attended Rutgers University New Brunswick New Jersey graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1971. The good life In later life Dr Brandt accumulated vast wealth. But as a boy he grew up in modest circumstances raised by parents who owned a candy store . He will be sorely missed. My friend.
Former QPR manager Harry Redknapp feels he still has plenty to offer football but only at the right club having turned down a mindblowing offer to coach abroad. The 68yearold handed in his resignation at Loftus Road in February citing knee problems behind the decision to leave the Barclays Premier League strugglers although he later claimed people with their own agendas had a hand in his departure and described the situation at the west London club as a bit of a soap opera. Redknapp will return to the dugout on Sunday May 31 when he leads a starstudded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends as Os youth coach and Prostate Cancer UK ambassador Errol McKellar hosts a charity football match at The Matchroom Stadium. It would not be a case of the money. Redknapp resigned as Queens Park Rangers manager with immediate effect in February . He said The job which Eddie Howe has done is second to none. They never change their philosophy home or away and are brilliant to watch. So you dont know what they could do after promotion but I would just like to see them get there.
German air traffic control officials today called for technology that ground staff could use in an emergency to take remote command of a plane. KlausDieter Scheurle head of the Deutsche Flugsicherung authority urged the aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month. Investigators believe copilot Andreas Lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a French mountainside on March 24 killing all 150 people on board. Disaster Rescue workers and debris from the Germanwings jet at the crash site near SeynelesAlpes France . Mr Scheurle said that it was not the simplest solution adding that similar technology is already available for piloting drones  but it could take a decade to develop it for passenger jets. A spokesman said We also have to ask whether such a solution would really be an improvement. Commercial planes could be hacked in flight by passengers using the inflight entertainment system to access flight controls a US watchdog agency warned last night. FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said the aviation regulator has begun working with US government security experts including the National Security Agency to identify needed changes.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45000 tweets supporting ISIS . A woman posted tens of thousands of Tweets supporting ISIS which included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons. Alaa Abdullah Esayed from south London uploaded 45600 tweets in less than a year. She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences. The 22yearold posted around 127 messages a day to her 8534 followers. The Iraqi national refused to stand while the charges were read out. Esayed was arrested on June 3 2014 and was granted bail at an earlier hearing. She admitted encouraging terrorism by publishing the posts together with photographs and video links which she intended or was reckless as to whether members of the public would be directly or indirectly encouraged or otherwise induced by the statement to commit prepare or instigate acts of terrorism or Convention offences. A second charge accused her of disseminating terrorist publications.
Using statistics from Sleep Cycle app users researchers have discovered that the earliest wakeup time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa. In terms of national average sleep quality Slovakia topped the list. The UK was in 45th place while the US was in 49th. More than half 58 per cent of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day . Other countries that wakeup grumpy on Tuesdays include Singapore Spain Switzerland South Africa and Brazil. It uses the phones accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase using a predefined 30minute alarm window. TUESDAY Americans rise early at 7am and are consequently in the worst mood all week. People in Costa Rica Canada New Zealand and Sweden also wake up the happiest on Friday. From waking up at 609am to sleeping the least on a Sunday data has revealed insights into how the world sleeps.
It looks like your typical outback fibro home tin roof and all but this property which is currently for sale is now at the centre of one of Australias most chilling murder mysteries. For days now detectives have swarmed over three bedroom Leeton home where Stephanie Scotts accused killer high school cleaner Vincent Stanford 24 lived with his mother Anika and elder brother Luke. In a rare scene of frantic activity on this peaceful suburban street home to families and pensioners investigators clad in blue forensic overalls heaped bags of evidence out the back of the property on Thursday evening. Detectives had first arrived at the property on Wednesday night speaking to two occupants before Mr Stanford arrived home and charged after investigators discovered discrepancies in his alibi. Gail Scanlan who lives nextdoor said they would regularly chat to the beautifully manner but quiet Mr Stanford over the backyard fence. Scroll down for video . Why burn your money? Inspection anytime. Inside the property The Stanford homes laundry shows signs of wearandtear with uneven tiling and white painted walls featuring signs of dirt and wearandtear . A second family room features yet another wood burner.
If it feels as though summer has come early thats because were already enjoying August temperatures. The temperature in the South is forecast to reach 24C 75F today and 25C 77F tomorrow surpassing the highest seen so far this year the 21.9C 71.4F recorded in London on Friday. The delightful weather caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August. Scroll down for video . Beach life People enjoy the weather at Barry Island in south Wales yesterday as most of England and Wales enjoys warm spring conditions . Anyone for cricket? Met Office spokesman Laura Young said last night We are expecting some really good temperatures over the next few days. Thursday will probably be slightly cooler but still in the high teens. Peak District awakening The morning mist looking out across the Derbyshire village of Foolow near Grindleford which woke to a frost . Beachgoers are advised not to touch jellyfish in case they have chanced upon a species with a powerful sting. Apocalypse wow! Kayaker Rupert Kirkwood a seasoned sea watcher was stunned to see the giant creatures off Hope Cove in Devon.
Things havent been going well for Manchester United flop Anderson since he left Old Trafford to return to Brazil but at least on Wednesday his own errors were outshone by the stupidity of a teammate. The Brazilian midfielder was sent off for Internacional after a firsthalf offtheball shove on Ypiranga Erechim striker Otacilio Neto that also saw his opponent sent off for retaliating with an elbow. But fortunately for Anderson his colleague Fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans and becoming the third player to be shown the red card reducing Internacional to nine men in the 11 draw in Porto Alegre. While some players offered their hands in apology to the fans after being repeatedly booed Fabricio took a different route and showed two middle fingers to the crowd leaving referee Luis Teixeira Rocha with no choice but to give him his marching orders. He has already been suspended until the end of the week by his club. Anderson ended a miserable sevenandahalf year spell with Manchester United by leaving this season .
Accused Officer Aaron Stringer from Bakersfield California allegedly pulled on the toes and tickled the feet of a man whom police had recently killed . According to the Bakersfield Californian he then said that he loves playing with dead bodies and later told her to lie about what shed seen. Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in November. Villegas was shot dead by police after crashing his car in a highspeed chase ABC23 reported. It later became clear that he wasnt armed. Stringer who filed a police report about the days activities mentioned interviewing witnesses alongside trainee Lindy DeGeare who eventually blew the whistle on the alleged corpse manipulation. Under California law police officers are allowed to look at dead bodies to assess wounds but are not supposed to handle them. Shooting Above shows local news footage of the scene where Villegas was shot.
A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs racist yobs while standing up for an SBS football reporter who was sacked after condemning Anzac day on Twitter. SBS journalist Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his tweets which called Anzac day the cultification of an imperialist invasion and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included widespread rape and theft. Speaking up in support of him the AFRs Geoff Winestock wrote on the social media site Ridiculous. Frightening. Sack me Fairfax. Scroll down for video . After a public backlash against McIntyres comments SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport Ken Shipp said in a joint statement that his highly inappropriate and disrespectful comments have caused his onair position at SBS to become untenable. Wonder if the poorlyread largely white nationalist drinkers and gamblers pause today to consider the horror that all mankind suffered. Mr McIntyre has more than 30000 Twitter followers. McIntyres comments referred to the soldiers as terrorists and were met with disgust by Twitter users . Unaustralian anti Anzac disgrace! The ANZACS died defending what this idiot is abusing  free speech tweeted another social media user.
CNNSaturday at the Masters like any PGA tournament has been dubbed Moving Day. Its the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up  or occasionally down  the leader board. Players rose and players fell away on Moving Day at the 2015 Masters. Rory McIlroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowds hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable Grand Slam on Sunday night. Woods comeback? A huge improvement but still a long way from him wearing the green jacket again. All in all. It should have been two shots better. Phil Mickelson powered around the course threatening to challenge too finishing on eleven under. Infallible . As his third round came to a close the birdies flowed his putting impeccable. It really is he said. We saw what happened in 1996. You never know. But that kind of crescendo also depends on Spieth experiencing a Greg Normanstyle meltdown.
Greater Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker walked into a station to complain about his trip. The 44yearold from Oldham decided had just returned from Algeria and wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday. Police tweeted the anecdote after the man tried to lodge an official complaint at the Great Manchester Police Chadderton division. There was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months imprisonment andor a fine. Following the post being shared on Facebook there were mixed reactions to the mans actions. Janine Gamblen wrote Some people really are just stupid while Sarah Edwards added Only in Oldham. However Joanne Parker made light of the incident writing Haha funny...would love to have seen the police face. The current temperatures in Algeria is 28C and this has remained fairly constant over the last week or two.
A heartbroken pensioner is believed to have killed himself six days after his wifes death by jumping from a bridge at their special place where they used to take romantic walks together. John Lord 86 went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June 81 died from a catastrophic bleed to the brain. His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her. Nottinghamshire Police launched an appeal in a bid to track down the grandfatherofthree on the day he disappeared from his home in St Anns Nottingham. Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent on April 15 by a specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of the missing pensioner. His daughter Alison Lord 56 said her father was grieving and had left a heartbreaking note signed love to all. For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure but vowed to back the Manchester City midfielder  at least until the end of the season. Sportsmail revealed City would listen to offers for the Ivorian as they look to overhaul an ageing squad at the end of a faltering campaign. Toure is determined not to be forced out but the Chilean speaking ahead of Sundays visit of West Ham acknowledged the midfielder had underperformed and dismissed claims he should be given a rest. I dont think hes happy with his performance this year  and nor am I said Pellegrini. He doesnt need a break. Toure who has two years left on a 220000aweek deal has come in for criticism amid the collapse of Citys Premier League defence. City who have taken just 18 points from the last available 39 take on Sam Allardyces side knowing that defeat will leave fifthplaced Liverpool with the chance to close the gap to one point with victory at West Brom next weekend. Weve let the manager down a few times and weve baffled ourselves because we feel like weve got the quality to beat anyone and thats not been the case.
Catania Italy CNNThe boat that sank in the Mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid a U.N. official said. Carlotta Asami a spokeswoman for the United Nations refugee agency made the comments to CNN early Tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in Catania Italy. They say that there was a point in which they were very close and probably what happened is that you know a big ship creating a big wave  they were approaching in a very strong manner and they lost balance Asami said. The account she offered differs from that provided by Italian authorities on Sunday. It deployed rescue boats a gangway nets and life rings he said. Many of the victims are feared to be still trapped inside the sunken boat. Commercial ships rescued more than 40000 people in the Mediterranean last year according to the International Organization for Migration. But some groups said European officials were offering too little too late. CNNs Hada Messia Isa Soares and Atika Shubert contributed to this report.
A bloodstained document revealing a lifeordeath episode that could have derailed the whole US space programme of the 1960s is tipped to sell for 80000 120000. But the Gemini 4 mission of June 1965 ultimately proved successfully and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later. One Ed White was tasked with performing the first US spacewalk less than three months after Soviet Alexey Leonov had completed the first spacewalk in history. The first crewed Gemini flight Gemini 3 lifted off Launch Pad 19 at Cape Canaveral in Florida on March 23 1965. Nasas twoman Gemini spaceflights demonstrated that astronauts could change their capsules orbit remain in space for at least two weeks and work outside their spacecraft. They also pioneered rendezvous and docking with other spacecraft. All were essential skills to land on the moon and return safely to Earth. We knew we could get into space but until this point we didnt know if we could walk and float around out there. It was a really scary life or death moment. The auction takes place on April 24 in New York.
Chelsea matchwinner Cesc Fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 10 victory over QPR at Loftus Road. The game looked to be heading for a stalemate before Fabregas 88th minute shot  their first on target in the game  found its way past Rob Green. The win moved Jose Mourinhos men seven points clear at the top of the table and Fabregas admitted it was an important goal. Midfielder Cesc Fabregas runs away in celebration having scored a vital winner in the 88th minute . Were there in first place and we want to continue that. Cesc Fabregas wore a protective mask during Chelseas clash with QPR after breaking his nose last week . Blues striker Dider Drogba added We had belief. We always play until the end. Our situation was very positive.
The brave man who stood up against a neoNazi at an antiIslam rally has spoken out about the poignant moment that was captured on camera. During the Reclaim Australia rallies on the Easter weekend antiracism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear. I placed myself in between him and the antiracism protesters. But he didnt. It was very tense.
A man strangled his friend to death in a rage after the friend admitted that he had been molesting young girls and thought one of them was starting to like it a jury heard this week. Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls. I looked over at Roger and he was just as shocked as I was. Musick 39 mouthed the words I want to kill him Mccombs told the court. Addiction After the murder in 2013 friends of Day said he was an Army veteran who had struggled in recent years while battling an alcohol addiction . Days later the charges were dropped but they were both later arrested and charged with tampering with evidence. McCombs allegedly wrote You OK? The world is a better place today and one little girl can sleep tonight because her monster is gone.
Reports of Cristiano Ronaldos decline have been greatly exaggerated The Real Madrid forward scored five goals against Granada taking his tally in La Liga to 36 for the season  more than half of Europes top teams. Granada were torn to shreds by Ronaldo and his Real teammates as the European champions won 91 at the Bernabeu and their Portuguese talisman managed the first fivegoal haul of his career. His record of 36 league goals for the season overtook Lionel Messis 32 strikes and put him in the incredible position of having scored more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in Europes top five leagues this season. They are . Stoke City Newcastle United West Bromwich Albion Hull City Aston Villa Sunderland Queens Park Rangers Burnley and Leicester City. Another followed 16 minutes later and his last came 35 minutes after that. Thank you for all your support. Bundesliga Augsburg Borussia Dortmund Mainz Cologne Hertha Berlin Freiberg Hannover Hamburg Paderborn Stuttgart. Serie A Torino Sassuolo Udinese Empoli Chievo Atalanta Cesena Cagliari Parma. Ligue 1 Lille Rennes Nantes Guingamp Nice Bastia Evian Lorient Toulouse Metz Lens.
Formula One great Jackie Stewart has bemoaned the downfall of the German Grand Prix and is urging the sports bosses not to forsake tradition for money as the number of European races on the calendar dwindles. The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems and F1 commercial head Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic Italian Grand Prix. The race had been in doubt due to questions over which circuit would host the race which has been shared between Hockenheim and Nurburgring in recent seasons. F1 races have started to move away from Europe towards lucrative venues in the Middle East . A short FIA statement said no agreement could be reached with Ecclestone the commercial rights holder CRH. Former threetime world champion Jackie Stewart wants Europes essential races to remain unchanged . Stewart told Sportsmail that its terrific were going to new countries but you still have to respect your heritage.
Lada Niva 4x4 13395 on the road . As a result of the Land Rover Defenders demise there could be a boom in sales of a Russian badge which was a butt of many jokes in the Soviet era  the Lada. Ladas 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker and has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. We take a look. Forget luxuries because the Niva is an unabashed frillsfree zone the upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior pictured is easy to mop down after a day in the mud . BAD . Patriotic Russian President Vladimir Putin pictured drove a Lada Niva back in 2009  but fitted it with a German engine .
A judge said he had to deal with his own revulsion as he jailed four care home assistants who called their dementia residents fugly and told one she was living in a brothel. The women who worked at the dementia unit of the Buparun facility in Bretton Cambridgeshire told one woman she was going to be killed. Another confused patient was told she was living in a brothel and should expect male visitors. Chloe Pearsall 26 left and Nicole Howley 25 right committed the acts of abuse at the care home throughout 2013 they have been jailed along with their colleagues Joanne Fisher 36 and Barbara Holcroft 63 . All four workers systematically abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses. Using the word fugly demonstrated the lack of respect they showed patients he added saying This was systematic illtreatment. The Daily Mail has repeatedly called for improved standards under its Dignity for the Elderly campaign. She used to get quite worried. It is not a nice thing to hear. A fifth carer Benjamin Appiah denies illtreating three women and will stand trial in June.
When planning a romantic trip with his girlfriend to watch One Direction in Cardiff he got the first part of his plan right by managing to buy the gig tickets. But Jake Boys could have done better when it came to organising flights because he ended up booking plane tickets to the Republic of Ireland  where he thought the Welsh capital was located. The 19yearold from Hailsham East Sussex surprised his partner EmilyVictoria Canham 18 by telling her they would see Niall Horan Liam Payne Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson in concert. Scroll down for video . Shock Miss Canham a model from Kettering tweeted her dismay upon finding out her boyfriends mistake . Meanwhile Mr Boys makes comedy clips  with his latest videos having titles such as ruining my girlfriends face how to ask a guy to prom and how to make Easter eggs. McBusted are a combined pop group of two bands formed by Tom Fletcher Danny Jones Dougie Poynter and Harry Judd from McFly and James Bourne and Matt Willis from Busted.
Carl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a yearlong absence. Froch had hoped to take on the Mexican this month in Las Vegas but a shoulder injury forced the Nottingham world champion to pull out. Instead Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night but has said he is open to facing the Brit later this year. WBA supermiddleweight champion Carl Froch took part in a Poker tournament in Lenton . Im ticking over just waiting at the moment Froch told Sportsmail. Chavez is back in action and hopefully hell do the business. If he comes through unscathed and he looks impressive then theres no reason why negotiations cant start for a fight with me. Well see how he looks. Its a fight that can be made and should be made providing we both want it. To find out more about upcoming stops of the tour please visit PokerStars.com .
No footballer has ever been late for kickoff because he was tied up negotiating a new contract. It isnt the talks that are the distraction. It is the thinking. His brain may whirl over where he will play next season. Liverpool? Abroad? Without doubt they were dissatisfied with his attitude even before this weeks illconceived BBC interview. Apparently not. Shouldnt a player  certainly one who wishes to command in excess of 100000 a week  be able to fill in anywhere? Flamini performed with exceptional discipline. Rodgers first used him as a defender this season against Burnley in December and he has remained there ever since. World Cupwinning captain Philipp Lahm eagerly switched between holding midfield and full back. Midfield lynchpin Bastian Schweinsteiger began his career as a right winger while Thomas Muller can play centre forward support striker attacking midfielder and winger.
Tim Sherwood insists Aston Villa are prepared for their final survival fight as he backed his side to stay up. Villa go to Manchester City on Saturday looking good at four points above the bottom three and with an FA Cup final against Arsenal ahead next month. Manager Sherwood replaced Paul Lambert in February when Villa were in the Barclays Premier League relegation zone but believes they have enough to survive with five games left. Aston Villa midfielder Tom Cleverly stretches his legs during his sides training session on Thursday . Fabian Delph who scored against Liverpool in the FA Cup semifinal plays a pass at Bodymoor Heath . He said Theres enough games out there to be able to achieve it. If you take your foot off the pedal this game shocks you. Theres other teams fighting for their lives as well. Its not all been plain sailing. We havent won every game since Ive come in. Sherwood could have Gabriel Agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury while Philippe Senderos and Aly Cissokho are available again after respective thigh and groin problems.
The widow of a cyclist killed after hitting a pothole during a charity ride from Lands End to John OGroats has won a sixfigure payout from the council who failed to mend the road. Martyn Uzzell 51 died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a fourinch deep pothole. Just a month before the tragedy the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard. But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary. He said the pothole which surrounded a roadside drain on the A65 near Giggleswick North Yorkshire had existed for some time prior to the accident. To make it worse there was another inspection in June carried out in a vehicle going at 25mph down the other side of the three lane carriageway. No attempt was made to check an already identified defect how can this be acceptable? I have lost my best friend and soul mate a lovely person who bought joy to my life I am now lost and lonely without Martyn. Martyns entire family is also suffering the loss of someone very special.
While pounding on the treadmill day in and day out may work for some people for others it is a torturous task that makes exercise nearly impossible to enjoy let alone commit to. Enter Retrosweat. Founded by former NIDA graduate Shannon Dooley 30 the aerobics classes with a twist are all about making fitness fabulous. Scroll down for video . Theres a fusion of jogging jumping athletic movement and dance  and a lot of huffing and puffing says Dooley. There will be a leg track with squats and lunges and an arm track with push ups. Eighties alter ego Dooley says class goers tend to adopt a complete alter ego as their costume collection grows . Iconic Olivia NewtonJohns aerobic anthem Lets Get Physical inspired many a skimpy lycra ensemble . Tutti Frutti  In Summer Dooley adds Pineapple squat challenge a modern take on a kettlebell workout . The demographic is quite wide. Oh and we definitely have men come along too they love it. When asked where she got her inspiration surprisingly it wasnt from watching her mum do Jane Fonda workouts. No strangely. I respect that but thats not me.
World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has rubbished rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave its spiritual home of Sheffield. This year marks the 40th anniversary of snookers most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre and there is interest from China in hosting the event. We aint going to China period! said Hearn. On my tombstone Im not having This is the man who took snooker out of Sheffield. Im quite close to extending the BBC agreement and I would sign a 20year deal with Sheffield City Council if they wanted to sit down with me. But it is such a long tournament to stay focused and keep form. John Higgins took a 63 lead in his firstround match with Robert Milkins on Saturday while Anthony McGill went 63 up against Stephen Maguire. Ronnie OSullivan plays a shot in his semifinal against Judd Trump during the Betfair World Championships .
Police in Maryland are hunting for a heartless thief who stole a fouryearold boys wheelchair in the middle of the night. The youngsters mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive Langley Park as usual on Sunday evening since its easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment. But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning it had reportedly disappeared. Scroll down for videos . Prince Georges County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot. Theyre asking anyone with information about the case to contact investigators. A cash reward is being offered. Commenting on the incident Capt. Ken Humbel said This family already faces challenges and shouldnt be burdened with the emotional and financial stress of the theft of this wheelchair. They did not say why the boy uses the wheelchair citing privacy concerns.
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in Britains nuclear transport and public services after suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster. And concerns are so great that one security source has warned However much physical security you have if someone is already in there theres nothing you can do to stop them committing an act of sabotage or terrorism. MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas  known as insiders  highlighted by the Germanwings disaster. Copilot Andreas Lubitz who was being treated for depression was able to override a security system installed on flights following the 911 attacks as he flew the aircraft into the ground. There is no testing regarding mental health. A BA spokeswoman refused to discuss details of health checks carried out on pilots. Some of the more common insider acts include unauthorised disclosure of information  such as in the case of US whistleblower Edward Snowden  process corruption where an employee illegitimately alters an internal process for their own ends and corporate espionage. We advise companies to look closely at their personnel.
Tom Ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad as Derby twice came from behind to share the points in a thrilling 44 draw at Huddersfield. Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul was in the stands as the onloan Hull player scored two longrange efforts for the visitors one in each half. Playoff chasing Derby were 10 up 31 down and 43 behind in an amazing game which also saw Huddersfield have three goals ruled out. Tom Ince centre is currently on loan at Derby from Premier League side Hull City and has been in fine form . Huddersfield 442 Smithies Smith Hudson Lynch Scannell Gobern Coady Hogg 81 Butterfield James Wells Bunn 88 Miller . Subs not used Edgar Murphy Wallace Lolley Billing . Scorers Gobern 38 Hudson 41 James 45 Wells 72 . Booked Dawkins . Referee Dean Whitestone . Attendance 15889 . Ince crashed home a stunning 25yard drive on 16 minutes seconds after seeing a freekick from similar distance saved. Derby lost Craig Bryson to injury early on and then Zak Whitbread also went off on 27 minutes. A point will help cement Derbys playoff position.
It is a common fear known as trypanophobia. For around 20 per cent of the population the thought of going to the doctors for an injection invokes a deeprooted sense of dread. Many avoid the doctors surgery altogether leaving themselves open to the risk of various illnesses and infections. But for those terrified of needles a team of scientists at Rice University in Houston may have the answer. They have developed a new device Comfortably Numb to ease the pain of an injection. Their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patients skin. Scroll down for video . Three first year students from LR mechanical engineer Mike Hua bioengineer Andy Zhang and computer scientist Greg Allison came up with the invention they describe as simple and elegant The trio made up of computer scientist Greg Allison bioengineer Andy Zhang and mechanical engineer Mike Hua currently has a functioning prototype that has produced a numbing effect in just 60 seconds. We explored everything that surrounded the problem before we even began brainstorming. I think thats what drew us to this specific project Mr Allison said.
The Aboriginal teenager who was arrested after antiterror raids in Melbourne on Saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality. Eathan Cruse 19 one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. He grabbed me handcuffs me is like Whats your name?... and I said Eathan the man told Nine News. Scroll down for video . His father Glen also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained. They smashed him to the ground and I could hear this just stomping stomping. The arrested mans sister said she woke up to a sniper pointing at her head and police used tear gas to clear the house. The raids were carried out across Melbourne and reportedly foiled an ANZAC Day terror plot . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
A man 21 allegedly forced a tearful 15yearold girl into his car on Saturday and screamed you will never see your parents again! in attempt to force her to be his teen bride. Kong Meng Xiong 21 of St. Paul Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping thirddegree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. The Star Tribune reports that the girls family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xiong whom she was dating because of their age differences. Her parents were not home at the time. He pleaded guilty. Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said about the case This is a very disturbing case involving the victimization of a 15yearold girl that cannot be tolerated in our community. According to Hmongculture.net the Hmong are an ethnic group that come from Laos Thailand Vietnam and Laos.
Former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton got her budding presidential campaigns first targeted question about the deadly 2012 Benghazi terror attacks on Tuesday night and her answer was the sound of one hand clapping. The bashtherich candidate flew first class from Boston to Washington D.C. after wrapping up a twoday New Hampshire campaign trip. Daily Mail Online was on the flight. Mrs. Clinton when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi? Did you make mistakes? The usually garrulous and broadsmiling Clinton stared straight ahead continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts and said nothing. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . I definitely do he said. It shows how she acts under pressure. Hours later a second wave of attacks hit a CIA annex compound nearby killing CIA contract soldiers Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty both U.S. Navy SEALs. The four men came home in flagdraped caskets. Just days earlier lawmakers disclosed that a top U.S. diplomat told them everyone at the American diplomatic outpost in Benghazi knew from the beginning that they were in the middle of a terrorist attack.
The parents of a Slovakian model accused of murdering her British millionaire exboyfriend are being forced to sell their house to pay her legal bills. Maria Kukucova 25 was arrested in April last year after former partner Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her familys home 2000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca after police put out an international arrest warrant. Scroll down for video . Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca 50 and Danka Kukucova 51 said they feel hated in their own village and are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers fees in Spain where their daughter is awaiting trial. Miss Korotaeva has accused Miss Kukucova of Mr Bushs murder saying She done it. She took refuge in Mr Bushs Hummer while he argued inside with the alleged killer. People do not ask anything they just gossip. The price will not be lower than 100000 EUR.
A British former car mechanic who joined the Islamic State as an explosives expert and sniper has shared chilling images of his new hightech bombmaking factory in Syria. Hamayun Tariq a divorced 37yearold who was born and raised in Dudley in the West Midlands shared four images on Twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as IEDs. Components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals and bombmaking equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces in the room which the fatheroftwo says he hopes will emerge as the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state. Scroll down for video . Its a Must. Tariq served a sentence for fraud in the UK before joining ISIS in Syria late last year. He soon began posting detailed explosivemaking instructions and encouraging lone wolves to carry out deadly bomb attacks . At first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low but he pulled through. Life was tough in Waziristan but here I cant believe I get a salary I get rent. The Home Office would not speak about Tariqs claim that his passport had been cancelled saying they could not comment on individual cases.
Atletico Madrid are meeting with representatives of Palermo over the signing of Argentine forward Paulo Dybala according to reports in Spain. Dybala whom the Serie A club value at 29m has also been linked with Arsenal and Chelsea but it seems the La Liga side are in the box seat. AS report that a representative for Palermo Gustavo Mascardi is in Madrid and is set to meet the Atletico hierarchy on Friday. Argentine Paulo Dybala has attracted interest from a number of leading European clubs . Elsewhere AS profile the Porto coach Julen Lopetegui who masterminded their 31 Champions League win over Bayern Munich on Wednesday night. Marca report that Real boss Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by demanding that he rediscovers the defensive intensity that made his an undisputed starter. Fiorentina meanwhile showed a purple heart to claim a 11 draw away to Dynamo Kiev thanks to Khouma Babacars 92nd minute equaliser. Corriere dello Sport hail Napolis win as a big thing and say they are already into the semifinals. Tuttosport have a look at the possible replacements should Carlos Tevez leave Juventus in the summer .
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce believes filling your home ground is paramount to Premier League clubs  with the Hammers announcing their new seasonticket structure ahead of the move to the Olympic Stadium. Karren Brady vicechairman of West Ham announced during the week that the club would be making significant cuts to their current pricing as the move is being offset against increased television revenue. The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is 620 but there will be 289 seats on offer from the 201617 season  the clubs first in the 54000seater Olympic Stadium. Obviously its not from a revenue base like it used to be. What weve announced has to be the best piece of business for me seen in the Premier League for a long long time. Hopefully everybody at West Ham football club particularly the fan will come and enjoy as Karren says a fantastic facility for less.
Uber has poached Facebooks security chief Joe Sullivan in an attempt to double down on rapidly escalating safety concerns. The 40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers. Lawsuits have been brought against Uber in San Francisco and Los Angeles. A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December. This week in Denver a driver tried and failed to break into a passengers home. And in London a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver. These claims among others follow a data leak last May which saw the details of 50000 current and former drivers released into the public domain. It is hoped Sullivan the first federal prosecutor to specialize in hightechnology crime can protect Uber from potentially crippling ramifications. Lifeline? Cases included child protection bank privacy and digital strands of 911 investigations. Sullivans role will involve liaising with city and state governments around the world as the firm rapidly expands.
David Luiz should not play in central defence again after his horror show in PSGs 31 defeat against Barcelona according to former England boss Glenn Hoddle. The exChelsea defender came off the bench in Wednesday nights Champions League quarterfinal first leg and was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the buildup to the Uruguayans two goals. Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but Hoddle who insists that the Brazilian has always been a defensive liability believes he still showed his naivety even if he wasnt fully fit. Luis Suarez puts the ball through David Luizs legs on his way to scoring his second goal of the night . He realises hes the last man and the very last thing you should do when youre last man is jump in. You bide time for your team to get around you. He does what an eight year old who hasnt been coached does. From a coaching point of view why would you put him in? Defensively at times hes a liability.
Inform winger Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seventry romp as Huddersfield secured a 3814 Super League victory against Catalans Dragons to end a threematch losing run. Murphy player of the month for February and March went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from Jake Connors pass. He was then on hand when Ukuma Taai who also scored twice caught and offloaded a kick from Danny Brough on 37 minutes. Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy 27 has now scored six tries in his last five appearances. Having fallen behind Catalans hit back to lead 86  with scrumhalf Scott Dureau bagging all of their points. He scored a try on 21 minutes when Elliot Whitehead passed inside after a solo dash past two players split the Giants defence. Wardle was restored to the Giants lineup after being suspended for last weeks defeat by St Helens for a dangerous throw on Ben Cockayne. Huddersfield responded with three tries in 10 minutes at the end of the first half  and it could have been more. There was no further score but Louis Anderson lost his temper late on as Huddersfield defensively shut the game down.
A Pakistani man suspected of killing his fiancee and nine of her relatives after they appeared to be reluctant to give her permission to marry  months after he allegedly murdered his own parents. The 25yearold suspect who has been identified as Gul Ahmad Saeed is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday police have said. Frustrated Gul Ahmad Saeed is alleged to have gone on a killing spree after becoming angry with people obstructing his wedding plans. Pictured Stock image of Pakistani brides and grooms at a mass wedding . Police were searching for the suspects but they were believed to have fled into the semiautonomous Pashtun tribal area along the Afghan border where government authorities hold little sway and police are not legally permitted to go. We cannot follow anyone there since it is beyond our jurisdiction and our security would be threatened said Jamil. Pakistani women are often killed by men who feel their honour has been offended in some way. The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan reported that 869 women were murdered in socalled honour killings in 2013 the last year for which data is available.
Concerns are growing over Russian ships that have docked in a oncesecret naval base in the Arctic. Military leaders in Norway are nervous about its powerful neighbours presence on its strategically important coastline following a spike in tensions between Russia and NATO nations. Some experts have criticised the shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base  a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of Tromsoe  which has been closed since 2009. But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway which was once a heavily guarded military facility. Aggression In February RAF planes intercepted two Russian bombers file photo which had flown into Irish territory and forced a passenger jet to divert its course . The Neustrashimyclass warship  equipped with missiles antiaircraft guns and torpedoes  was monitored and escorted by a heavilyarmed British frigate. The most serious included . Jan 8 Defence chiefs ask for US help to hunt a suspected Russian submarine lurking off the coast of Scotland. Obviously our navy should be stationed there including our submarines. Its clear very few people know what happens on these vessels.
JTs NEVER BEEN BETTER . Jose Mourinhos return was the answer to John Terrys prayers. Mourinho said Sundays game at the Emirates was the best Terry had ever played. That was a pat on the back for his captain but also justification for Mourinhos faith in playing him. All of their good work means he is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception. As Chelsea have become harder to beat Terry has come into his own. GHOSTS OF MONACO? After the break Arsenal didnt move the ball quickly enough. Gunners striker Olivier Giroud had a frustrating afternoon against a rugged Chelsea defence . A MISSED OPPORTUNITY . There is no problem with that. Now they look dogged disciplined and firmly in control.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer if they are to challenge for the Premier League title next season. They need a goalkeeper they still need a centre back they still need a holding midfielder and Im afraid they need a top topquality striker in order to win this league again. Here Sportsmails Simon Jones analyses the possible options for Arsenal in key positions. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 201516 Premier League season . GOALKEEPERS . PETR CECH . Chelsea . BERND LENO . Bayer Leverkusen . Cost 12million . MATTIA PERIN . Genoa . Liverpool have also considered him as have Inter Milan. DEFENDERS . ALEKSANDAR DRAGOVIC . Dinamo Kiev . AYMEN ABDENNOUR . Monaco . He is leftsided has good pace and can pass well. HECTOR MORENO . Espanyol . DEFENSIVE MIDFIELDERS . GEOFFREY KONDOGBIA . MORGAN SCHNEIDERLIN . JAMES McCARTHY . Everton . MARIO MANDZUKIC . Atletico Madrid . He fell out with Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich and his relationship with Diego Simeone has been strained. ALEXANDRE LACAZETTE . Lyon . EDINSON CAVANI . Paris SaintGermain .
UEFA have sensationally charged Pep Guardiola for wearing a tshirt demanding justice for a journalist who died at last summers World Cup. Argentine Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July. Guardiola was sporting the top  which read JusticiaParaTopo  during his prematch press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League. The message appeared to support a campaign to investigate Lopezs death. The European governing bodys disciplinary regulations read A breach of these principles is committed by anyone who uses sporting events for manifestations of a nonsporting nature. They are to review the case on May 21. I woke up this morning and knew that I would put it. Saviola and Topo Lopez remained close friends and he was Oles correspondent in Barcelona a newspaper he had worked with since its launch. Lionel Messi also dedicated Argentinas World Cup semifinal win to the 38yearold. So too did legend Diego Maradona.
They are Barcelonas golden boys and the unstoppable trio of Lionel Messi Neymar and Luis Suarez have reached yet another milestone. The three stars now have a century of goals between them for the season after Barcas 60 demolition of Getafe on Tuesday night a result that took them five points clear in La Liga. Messi scored twice including one from the penalty spot Suarez claimed two and Neymar also netted in the Nou Camp rout to take their culmulative tally to 102 in all competitions. Messi curls home Barcelona sixth goal against Getafe at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night . Neymar controls the ball surrounded by Getafe defenders during Tuesdays match . Stats courtesy of Opta . It means Argentine wizard Messi now has 49 goals for the season Brazilian hero Neymar has 32 and summer signing Suarez has 21. Messis ambidextrousness is shown by his 30 leftfooted goals and 15 rightfooted plus four headers. His total include six penalties and two freekicks.
Cleared 53yearold Graeme Finlay a former naval serviceman . A cruise ship passenger was yesterday cleared of beating up two elderly holidaymakers in a row over rudeness at the dinner table. Graeme Finlay 53 went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips 70 and his wife June 69 were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner. Its put me off boats forever. The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae. The jury at Teesside Crown Court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous bodily harm. He said Its been very stressful for the last year and a half. He told the court I felt myself being struck by something sharp and I put my arms over my face to defend myself I covered my face with my arms I didnt want my eye poked out. Mrs Phillips briefly lost consciousness when she fell against a wall. He must have hit him five times.
Police are considering manslaughter charges after a man who was violently shaken as a baby died as a result  two decades later. Liam Dawe 21 was born a healthy child but suffered serious and ongoing health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old. He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth Devon in March last year from intraabdominal sepsis after developing cerebral palsy following the the assault. But Det Con Insp David Elliott said as Mr Dawes injuries were caused in 1993 before the rules came into force fresh manslaughter charges could still be brought. He was slightly jaundiced but otherwise seemed well. The year and a day rule stated that an act was presumed not to have caused a person to die if more than a year and a day had elapsed before death. However the permission of the Attorney General is still required for any prosecution where it is claimed that the death occurred more than three years after the act or when the offender has previously been convicted of an offence in connection with the death.
A teenager who fell ill with flu four months ago is unable to move her arms and legs and can barely eat or talk. Miss Willards family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly just four days after she returned her feeling unwell. They are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again. The doctors have not said what the future holds they cannot give us that information. Natasha has been diagnosed with encephalitis an inflammation of the brain. Symptoms include seizures convulsions tremors hallucinations stroke haemorrhaging and memory loss. She was then transferred from University of Wales Hospital Cardiff to Rookwood Hospital also in Cardiff for intensive physiotherapy and speech therapy. She can say a few words said Mrs Willard. We dont want to put too much on our families. Without the kids it is still 8 each.
Gloucester winger Jonny May is hoping to get over being dropped by England with victory in next months Challenge Cup final. After beating Exeter 3019 in their lastfour tie the Cherry and Whites now face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1 and could claim their first European trophy since 2006. For May who was overlooked for the last three rounds of the RBS 6 Nations it is the ideal stage to boost his World Cup selection chances. Jonny May crosses for a spectacular try during Gloucesters 3019 victory against Exeter . May shows Exeter No 8 Thomas Waldrom a clean pair of heels during the clash at Kingsholm . It was a tough Six Nations but I still believe in myself he said. Its nice to have a positive note to end the season on. These are the games you remember for the rest of your life.
Eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements a study has claimed. Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise it didnt matter what food was eaten. Performance remained the same after resting for several hours while levels of glycogen  used by muscles as fuel  were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food. The research published in the International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism was led by University of Montana graduate student Michael Cramer. If you fancy a burger then sprint to the fastfood joint to get it. Short bursts of intensive exercise before a highfat meal can help protect blood vessels from the effects of a poor diet researchers have found. The other group were given Gatorade organic peanut butter and Cliff Shot Bloks followed two hours later by Cytomax powder and PowerBar products. After a week the participants returned and performed the task again this time switching their diet to the one they didnt do last time. No differences in insulin glucose or cholesterol were found while neither group reported any serious stomach discomfort.
Miami CNNWorld heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko has an important title defense coming up but his thoughts continue to be dominated by the ongoing fight for democracy in Ukraine. Speaking to CNN from his Miami training base ahead of the April 25 showdown with American challenger Bryant Jennings in New York Klitschko said the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset. I never thought that our brother folk is going to have war with us so that Ukrainians and Russians are going to be divided with blood he added. Unfortunately we dont know how far its going to go and how worse its going to get. Vitali who retired from boxing in 2013 is a prominent figure in Ukrainian politics. More than 5000 people have been killed in the conflict to date. As much time as I can spend I am there in the Ukraine. It obviously affects my life it affects the life of my family. Watch Wladimir Klitschkos Human to Hero interview on CNNs World Sport program on Wednesday April 8 at 1130 1245 1445 2130 2245 and 2345 and Thursday April 9 at 0445 All times GMT and here online.
Foreign GPs now account for 11 per cent of family doctors new figure show . Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five although in some areas the proportion is more than twothirds. Senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years because the NHS is so short of homegrown medics. Figures from the Health and Social Care Information Centre show that 22.0 per cent of current GPs gained their qualifications overseas up from 19.8 per cent in 2004 . The NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early. Others are moving overseas in search of better conditions. We need to encourage more students and junior doctors to choose general practice and to expose them more to general practice so they see it more as an attractive option for the future. Earlier this year UKIP leader Nigel Farage sparked controversy by claiming that foreign GPs should not be working on the NHS as they didnt speak good enough English . A larger pool of dependable permanent staff would also enhance workforce stability and patient safety the crossparty Civitas said.
The mother of a young woman who suffers from lupus an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughters car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space  despite the fact that she has a handicap permit. Corinna Skorpenske from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer while also defending her daughter Harley Jo a student at Ohio State University and her condition. My first reaction was anger Corinna told Yahoo Health. On top of everything she deals with she didnt need this. Harley is very strong and many times she just lets it go. Keeping up appearances The disability caused by Harleys illness is not visible to others but presents her with a battle every day . When you take a handicap spot an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been. The teenager went on to suffer a facial rash and hair loss  and had to attend her prom in a wig. We never know what burdens people struggle with.
Police are hunting a thief who stole an 86year old womans handbag while she prayed at church on Good Friday. The man posed as a member of the congregation of St James church in the Gorton area of Manchester to carry out the crime. As well as taking one bag he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly womens bags before fleeing. Police have released an efit and CCTV footage after a thief stole a pensioners handbag from a church . The thief sat down in a pew next to the 86yearold for the Good Friday service earlier this month. After grabbing the bag he targeted an 82yearold woman but she was alerted when she heard him rustling in her purse. They are appealing to anyone who recognises him to come forward. Alternatively I would urge people to be vigilant and if you think you see this man then please call us straight away.
Raising the retirement age is unfair on Scottish pensioners because they die younger Nicola Sturgeon declared yesterday. The SNP demanded the retirement age be frozen  in a move which would cost billions of pounds  as the latest price of propping up Ed Miliband in Downing Street in the event of a hung Parliament. She is pictured at the Westerton Care Home during an election campaign visit in Glasgow . Miss Sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to at least 160 a week. It is currently 113. In England and Wales the figures are nearly 79 for men and nearly 83 for women. But various studies have linked lower life expectancy in Scotland to higher rates of alcohol consumption smoking and poor diet. Her comments will raise concerns that the SNP will demand a more expensive pension system across the whole of the UK which will benefit Scotland most.
Two property developers branded arrogant and greedy by a judge have been jailed after a threestorey building collapsed trapping three people in the rubble. A doctors wife and a student plunged from the living rooms of their flats into the basement below and a workman was buried after a digger struck a loadbearing column. The accident left three victims hospitalised with minor injuries while 20 students were left homeless and one of Sheffields main arterial roads was closed for a day. Most of the students who lived in flats above the development in the Brook Hill area of the South Yorkshire city were luckily out at the time and missed the accident. There was potential for a complete disaster. It was caused by your arrogance and greed. Although a planning application was submitted permission had not been grantedwhen construction work on the restaurant started about four weeks before the collapse in March 2013. Pillars and internal walls were removed. His folly was to think he could turn his hand to this major project without any relevant training or experience. Rizwan also admitted breaching a prohibition notice.
Sally Cox 39 stopped her son Jed Pearce 10 pictured together above from going on the mosque trip expressing fears of violence and guns Children as young as eight have been banned by their parents from attending a British mosque as part of a school trip over safety fears with one mother claiming she doesnt want to put her son at risk of being shot. Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter Devon as part of an RE trip to learn about different faiths. The schoolchildren from years three to six were due to visit the citys cathedral before taking a tour of the mosque and observing a congregational prayer. However about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next weeks school trip after their parents said they would be exposed to violence and guns and expressed grave concerns about the teaching of Islam. You can see what they are like every day on the news. It is unsafe. I dont want them to do that. I think celebrating diversity is a great thing. These laudable initiatives take place across the country.
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that its illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol tobacco and pornography to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races. Swimming pools jewelry and lingerie stores psychics movie theatre nail salons massage parlors bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time if Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week. Kansans like citizens of many other states are issued debit cards when they register for statebased welfare. Democratic state Sen. Oletha FaustGoudeau told the Topeka CapitalJournal that forcing those people to make multiple trips to bank machines to pay their bills is ludicrous. It is outrageous. Out. Job training? In. Numbers of food stamp recipients  a completely separate category of government welfare  have ticked down by just 6 per cent during the same period however. Poverty rates among children have remained constant according to the socialservices nonprofit group Kansas Action for Children . The clash of statistics has raised questions about whether the state has actually been moving people off of TANF and into jobs. VICIOUS CIRCLE?
When running a change in the speed of a track on your playlist can throw your pace completely out of sync. So Adidas has partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit. Called Adidas go the songs are additionally selected based on the runners musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used. Once installed the app uses the phones accelerometer to track the users stride it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute. music will features established artists as well as upcoming singers and bands. There will be six posts per week grouped into series including . LocallySourced Featuring unsigned acts. 15SecondLessons Videos on how to perform everything from riffs to drumbeats. Users can either pick workout playlists from their existing preferences or select a proposed Adidas playlists.
All the smiles cannot hide the reality that McCluskey and his union are a potent sinister force in British politics . Out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in South Wales the trade union firebrands manner was as warm as the weather. Didnt you once call me a slabfaced Marxist? the famously militant leader of Unite asked me with a grin that was more genial than menacing. I had to confess I had. His gospel of traditional hardleft socialism goes down well with the converted as does his hackneyed antiConservative bile. It wasnt. Just like Nicola Sturgeon McCluskey wants to make Labour bolder more radical courageous and brave. Only last month he appeared to threaten illegal action if a Tory Government pushed through further restrictions on strikes in the public sector. I am not really posing the question Im giving the answer. Yet there was something synthetic about McCluskeys protestations of support for Labour. For this is no smalltown demagogue. Since 2010 Unite is estimated to have donated at least 14.4million to Labours coffers.
Nearly half of the British public believe the Duchess of Cornwall should become Queen Consort when the Prince of Wales accedes to the throne. A new poll by YouGov ahead of Charles and Camillas 10th wedding anniversary reveals that 49 per cent think Camilla should take the traditional title of the wife of a reigning king while 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana Princess of Wales and 16 per cent were undecided. Scroll down for video . Aides have always insisted the Duchess does not want to be known as Queen and intends to be known as Princess Consort instead. Most people 42 per cent said they had neither a positive or negative impression of Camilla with 31 per cent saying they had a positive one and 23 per cent a negative one. The further we get from Dianas death the less that will resonate in peoples minds. But 27 per cent think he was already performing his duties well and there has been no difference during the 10 years and 12 per cent believe there is no difference and he is still performing his duties poorly.
Swedens passport has been named the most powerful in the world but it turns out its also one of the most highly soughtafter travel documents on the black market. The latest research suggests Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading as there is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder. They can sell for as much as 6000 each  far more than the 28 fee that Swedens government charges for new or renewed travel documents. The findings are contained in a new GoEuro infographic which ranks the worlds most powerful passports and takes a look at quirky facts . When placed under an ultraviolet light a Canadian passport displays colourful images on its pages including the Parliament building in Ottawa. Sweden doesnt have a legal minimum wage and salaries are determined through collective bargaining. In Liberia it would take a worker earning minimum wage 278 hours to pay off the countrys 33 passport. It was followed by passports for the US 18 per cent Switzerland 17 per cent Germany 10 per cent and Canada and Australia with nine per cent each.
Those who can afford it can turn to Londons famous private medical haven Harley Street where Dr XiaoPing Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional Chinese medicine. Im a doctor who initially trained in western medicine then I studied Chinese medicine as I realised lots of problems couldnt be overcome by traditional western medicine she explains to Vanessa Engle for the documentary Inside Harley Street which airs tonight on BBC2. The herbs may be drunk as a tea or are provided as a vitamin tablet  12 must be taken in the morning and 12 in the evening. The vitamins contain natural ingredients such goji berries Chinese yan and ginger. Yet she was incredibly reassuring giving me confidence without raising my hopes to unrealistic levels. I gave birth to Rupert in November 2009 when I was 41. She said I got pregnant and I carried through for 11 weeks but then I miscarried a month ago. You have to take positive steps and not think about what is lost. Further checkups with Dr Zhai will cost her 130 while three sessions of acupuncture at the clinic cost 350.
Jurors were told Santana first choked Fazio in a headlock before wrapping a belt around her neck and stabbing her with a hunting knife. He was sentenced to life terms in prison . In court The trial in Orlando lasted just three days with Santana previously admitted to murdering the victim and raping her corpse with the jury deliberating for two hours . You will not be remembered. Oh but Shelby will Judge Roche said. The victims father Terry Fazio added This is endless. Well never escape. Bryan Santana left of Orlando Florida murdered his roommate Shelby Fazio right in October and sexually abused her dead body. She was naked. Ive ordered security to clean him up and bring him up here in full restraints. He also claimed he has multiple personalities including one named Michael. Friends say the young man no longer wanted to live.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday at Dunblane Cathedral as thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple. He tweeted an umbrella a picture of a church a ring a kiss cake drinks including beer cocktails and wine and ends with hearts a face blowing a kiss and several Zzzz icons for sleep. The heavens are likely to open again around 5pm. Andys mother Judy discussed the bad weather on social media initially tweeting Hailstones. Marvellous and then a few hours later Snowing. White wedding. Were so excited about seeing them and the atmosphere is great its been well worth coming. I think I will be more nervous about starting a family because that would be more lifechanging in a good way. Graham Fleming puts up bunting in Dunblanes high street as shops decorate their fronts in support of local boy Andy . Perhaps saving her legs for walking in heels tomorrow she today stayed casual in red flats.
Want to know what Australians get up to when the lights go out? One in five admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night according to a new study. The nocturnal shopping sprees are likely down to the 86 per cent of those surveyed who admit to turning to online retailers to purchase items that they are too embarrassed to buy in stores. The things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear hair removal cream personal hygiene products medication... and action figures. The study released by the StarTrack Online Retail Industry Awards found work will often take a back seat when online shopping is only a click away. These cunning capers even extend into the offline world with 24 per cent of shoppers confessing to trying an item on instore with the intention of buying it online later. Shoppers were also found to great covert lengths to keep online shopping habits a secret from their partner friends or boss. So how much are we spending? 2. 3. 4. 5. This old thing?
Kyle Naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season after David Meylers red card challenge on Saturday. The Hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge that left Naughton in hospital at the weekend though neither Garry Monk nor Steve Bruce condemned Meyler at the time. A scan on Monday revealed Naughton suffered ligament damage and the rightback will face a sixweek layoff. The full back writhes in pain following the incident and faces a sixweek lay off with ankle ligament damage . Angel Rangel will return to the side to face Everton on Saturday. Rangel said Its not good because Kyle has an injury and I dont wish bad on anyone but from my point of view I always try and be ready so if the manager needs me Ill try my best. Meyler looks shocked as referee Andre Marriner shows him a straight red a decision that was justified .
Anthony Joshua stopped experienced American Jason Gavern in the third round on Saturday night but still wasnt happy with his performance. Gavern in his 50th fight was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in Newcastle. But Joshua who was returning from a fivemonth layoff after suffering a stress fracture in his back admitted he was not at his best. Anthony Joshua lands a left hand on Jason Gavern on his way to another convincing victory . I had a bit of ring rust so couldnt display everything I have been doing in the gym he said after his 11th professional victory. But once the momentum gets going I will be able to display some more shots some more sharp shooting. There are a lot of expectations and Jason is a very awkward opponent. I have a job to do and that is get a win. If I can start pushing to British titles European titles step by step these fights wont really mean anything when I am experienced and a champion.
CNNCiudad Juarez Mexico was once known as the murder capital of the world. Mayor Enrique Serrano officially kicked off the campaign giving what he called an unprecedented highprofile tour to regional leaders from the United States and Mexico. His congressional district includes El Paso Texas which sits directly across the Rio Grande. ORourke says theres good reason for locals to be hopeful. Yes we had a really difficult time for a ... period. I always feel safe and secure. That was normal spokesman Julio Castaneda told CNN. Its safer now. In 2007 there were 272. Participate. One bright spot U.S. investment is making a comeback. The scars from the recent past remain. Things have changed he said.
Struggling to drift off? Ed Sheeran could be what you need and lots of it. It turns out the 24yearold British singersongwriter is the reigning king of sending musiclisteners to the land of nod  presumably through his songs relaxing qualities. Music streaming service Spotify has analysed over 2.8 million users playlists labelled sleep and Sheerans Thinking Out Loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to. As well as scooping the global lists top spot for sleepinducing song the Brit Award winner features on the list an additional six times. Sheerans other heavily playlist featured songs include hits such as I See Fire The A Team and Give Me Love. Also featuring regularly on the list is pop singer Sam Smith who has enjoyed a meteoric rise to fame scooping four Grammys at this years awards. No Metallica here please.
These shocking photographs reveal the terrible toll the Nepal earthquake has had on some of the countrys most beautiful and historic landmarks. The monuments of Kathmandu the capital of Nepal are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site because of their unique architecture. But several of the most recognisable buildings in the city including towers and temples now lie in rubble after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit the country yesterday morning. Scroll down for videos . Destruction The Dharahara Tower which was first built in 1832 has been almost completely obliterated by Nepals earthquake . More than 2500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below while enormous avalanches on Mount Everest left climbers dead. Reconstruction Policemen were sent in to the square after it was badly affected by the quake . Decapitated A statue of the Hindu deity Garud was knocked off its pedestal at Patan Durbar Square .
The Great Dying which struck the Earth 252 million years ago wiped out more than 96 per cent of the worlds creatures. And while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic. And the researchers said that the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was probably greater than todays fossil fuel reserves. At this time a single supercontinent called Pangaea covered the Earth. This huge landmass created extremely arid conditions and by the Late Permian temperatures were at an all time high. Similar analysis in Italy found evidence of vinegarlike acid rain caused by the sulphur dioxide in 250 millionyearold rocks. By using satellite data scientists can obtain live information as the ocean changes . They believe such acidity may have been sufficient to disfigure plants and stunt their growth contributing to their ultimate extinction.
Talk about gobby! This little fellow has been born with FIVE mouths  believed to be the most ever seen on a calf. The strangelooking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mothers udders. But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths. Scroll down for video . She feeds him three times a day . Shocked locals have called the calf Nandi  a nickname for Lord Krishna. It can also mean one who pleases others. In Indias Hindu culture cows are revered as a symbol of life. Local vet Sukhbir Singh said that despite Nandis appearance he is healthy and thriving. Garlanded Wreaths such as those around the calfs neck are traditionally used in India during worship . Twofaced This 440kg bull which has faces on top of each other was sold to an abattoir last month . Tired out Both her mouths sucked at the same time because they were operated by a single brain .
As secret agent James Bond Daniel Craig has a license to kill but on Tuesday the United Nations gave the British actor a license to save by appointing him as the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards. Craig  whos often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper martinidrinking agent 007  will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause. You have been given a license to kill as James Bond Im now giving you a license to save U.N. SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon told Craig at United Nations headquarters in New York. Scroll down for video . I will do my very best. Craig continued . The use of improvised explosive devices in Iraq Somalia and Mali the widespread use of barrel bombs in Syria and the landmine contamination in Cambodia Colombia and Afghanistan must all be addressed simultaneously. It is a big job. Producers say he underwent a minor procedure during the Easter production break.
Dion Dublin made his presenting debut on Monday morning as the former footballer cohosted BBC television show Homes Under The Hammer. The former Aston Villa frontman joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sisterinlaw put some life into a three bedroom semidetached house in Dartford. Great to be here. Homes Under the Hammer airs weekdays on BBC1 at 10am. But ultimately let the buyers make their own decisions. Finally a selection of local estate agents visit the property value it and the buyers discover if they have made themselves a profit. Its all a bit 80s and needs a refurbishment. You could knock through the dividing wall and give yourself a kitchen diner expressed the retired striker as he crouched down inside the lounge. Dublin talks with first time property developers Mike and Lucia who had purchased the semidetached house . Dublin received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from Carl Frampton .
China have said they are to start tracking the actions of their citizens abroad following a string of reports about behaviour abroad. The China National Tourism Administration CNTA said on its website on Monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China and if necessary the police customs officers border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted. They are hoping the strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad. Big spenders Shoppers from China and the Far East scramble for bargains during the Christmas sales at Selfridges in Londons Oxford Street. Chinese travellers spent an incredible 164 billion on foreign trips last year . Horrific! A group of Chinese travellers who scalded a flight attendant with hot water and noodles and threatened to blow up a plane. The passengers lashed out at cabin crew after they became enraged over sitting arrangements on a charter flight from Bangkok to Nanjing . The woman was spotted washing her feet in a sink less than 30 minutes after island officials posted a no foot washing sign .
Jessica Silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband and revealed she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did. Michael Usher the veteran journalist who conducted the interview has revealed her walked away from the experience totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people. Scroll down for video . Last month she walked free from court despite being convicted of manslaughter free to tell of the four years of horror and warning other women not to make the same mistakes. That was a very tense meeting with the father very nervous both sides very nervous Michael Usher told Daily Mail Australia. Grace and Avalino Silva Jessicas parents. I dont know if there will ever be a neat ending. She tells it in a ridiculously raw emotional but extremely clear way. James Polkinghorne was allegedly carrying this pipe on him when he went to Jessica Silvas house on the night of his death . While Polkinghornes family is dealing with what their son had become. The 25yearold domestic violence victim wept after Justice Clifton Hoeben sentenced her to two years imprisonment.
Adam Leheup 34 was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court . An architect who was wooing 35 woman online was cleared today of raping a blind date hours after they met. During the week long trial the woman who cannot be named for legal reasons claimed Leheup ignored her cries of no and afterwards said In my experience girls say no but they dont mean it. The selfconfessed first date addict had spent nearly a year on police bail before eventually being charged and appeared emotional emitting a slight gasp as he was cleared. Leheup told the jury they enjoyed a nightlong date which included wine and cocktails with the young woman responding to his physical advances and allowing him to remove her bra in her bedroom so he could massage her back with oil. I noticed she had unusually saggy breasts she seemed uncomfortable about that he told the jury. When girls have said nothing is going to happen Ive ended up having sex with them he added. I just wanted him out.
Eden Hazard is seemingly days away from securing a Barclays Premier League and PFA Player of the Year double with Chelsea and the Belgian star showed off exactly why with a series of tricks at their Cobham training base. Hazard being filmed as part of a feature for Queens Park Rangers defender Rio Ferdinands 5 magazine left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control. Giving a full sample from his box of tricks Hazard fools his marker with stepovers a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession. The Belgian star celebrates with the Chelsea supporters after scoring the winner against Manchester United . It wasnt all good for Hazard who strives for perfection though. Chelseas star man has 19 goals in all competitions so far this season and could add to that at the Emirates . I enjoy everything he does on the pitch former France international Zidane said. Theyre fantastic players but I like Hazard a lot too.
A teenage boy who shot and killed a teacher and wounded several others in an attack inside a school in Barcelona had a hit list local media reports. The 13yearold boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week but none had taken him seriously. The teenager reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15am this morning killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers. Scroll down for video . We were just starting the class and suddenly we heard screams... so we shut ourselves inside our classroom in order to be safe she said. The boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he is under 14 the age of criminal responsibility in Spain. The boy only identified by his initials M.P.C. Three of them have been transferred to hospital and one of them a female teacher was treated at the scene. Police are investigating the incident.
What the nation needs is more geniuses. So said Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn two selfstyled intelligence experts in the Thirties who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brainteasers for members of the general public. The answers can be found at the bottom of the page. 1. B R I N O . 2. Four men can build four boats in four days. 3. They immediately started to eat their luncheon of sandwiches fruit and cake. Question How many people have been mentioned? 4. Which is heavier milk or cream? 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. MAN TOOT DEED . 11. 12. 13. 14. The third syllable is suggested by a word meaning debark. 15. Able was I ere I saw Elba. 16. GLEAM . 17. 18. Cousin nephew son uncle soninlaw? 19. 20. 21. AGATE AGITATE GATES STAGS STAGE GRATE . 22. 23. 24. There were three horses running in a race. Sonny Boy had previous winnings of 20000. Mr Bailey lost heavily although his horse almost won. Extract from Are You Really A Genius?
Midsomer Murders is to have its first regular Asian character in its 18th series four years after the dramas producer said the programme wouldnt work with ethnic minority characters. Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama. Although there have been Asian actors in cameo parts this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor. In 2011 executive producer Brian TrueMay described the show as the last bastion of Englishness because it had no black or Asian characters. Mr TrueMay was suspended as a result of his comments and he later quit. Midsomer Murders began in 1997 and is watched by more than 6million viewers a week. It just wouldnt work. Suddenly we might be in Slough.
The Hollywood ReporterAndrew Lesnie the Oscarwinning cinematographer who spent more than a decade collaborating with director Peter Jackson on the six Lord of the Ringsand Hobbit films has died. He was 59. The Sydney native who also worked with New Zealander Jackson on the remake of King Kong 2005 and The Lovely Bones 2009 suffered a heart attack Monday. Said a spokesman from the Australian Cinematographers Society We have been advised of the sudden death of Andrew adding that his family would provide an official statement later. Known for balancing technology with artistic considerations Lesnie also shot Rise of the Planet of the Apes 2011 directed by Rupert Wyatt. That movie opened Friday in U.S. theaters. Said Crowe on Twitter Devastating news from home. Those Australian films revolving around a pig and other animals featured impressive visual effects and proved to be big hits at the worldwide box office. People weve lost in 2015 . All rights reserved.
David Cameron is trying to be Prime Minister without taking the job interview Ed Miliband claimed today ahead of tonights TV debates. The Prime Minister will be absent when Mr Miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown after agreeing to just one direct confrontation with his rival in the race for Number 10. Mr Miliband accused the PM of ducking the chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways and spending pledges. Labour leader Ed Miliband addresses supporters during a visit to Crouch End in north London this morning . He has also promised to increase the NHS budget by 8billion a year while slashing welfare spending by 12billion. Tonights Challengers Debate will feature Mr Miliband Ukips Nigel Farage Natalie Bennett of the Greens SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymrus Leanne Wood. You are going to hear a lot of different politicians ... while you think they may be saying different things they are all actually saying the same thing. That is the truth. The 90minute programme will cover five subjects.
CNNLiving under ISIS. Selling Girl Scout cookies. And giving some lip  like Kylie Jenner. These are the best videos of the week. CNNs Richard Roth asks about a sweet tradition thats leaving some with a bitter taste. Watch the video . Many climate scientists believe that an increase of 2 degrees Celsius in the global average temperature could be the tipping point for climate change. Today its reality as blobs of warm water in the Pacific Ocean may be having an impact on storms and marine life. CNNs Jennifer Gray takes a look. A newly discovered frog has a distinct resemblance to a certain Not Easy Being Green Muppet Kermit the Frog. So what is this amphibian? Iron Man Robert Downey Jr. was distinctly flinty when dealing with the questions of a British interviewer. He finally walked out  and he hasnt been the only one to decide to take off his microphone. CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin looks at the laws for law enforcement.
Thiago Silva is gearing up to play Barcelona in the Champions League quarterfinal this week and the Paris SaintGermain defender believes he will face an attack possessing the three best players in the world. The Spanish league leaders can unleash a front three of Lionel Messi Luis Suarez and Neymar upon the French champions who beat them at the Parc des Princes in the group stages of the competition earlier this year. And Silva believes that the home leg of the quarterfinal encounter will be pivotal for his side. Barca are very effective on the counterattack and have great strikers. Silva warned PSG about the unpredictability of his Brazil international teammate Neymar . With our individual quality we will try to suprise them.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent 104000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Years holiday. A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo a private Dominican resort they own. The news outlet Listin Diario reported on January 2 that Fanjul and the Clintons discussed Hillarys presidential ambitions during the visit. Casa de Campo a luxurious retreat for the worlds super wealthy elites is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a Democratic U.S. senator. SAME OLD BILL This Instagram pic deleted from a users account on Thursday shows former President Clinton cavorting among yougn socialites at Casa de Campo . INDICTED NEw Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez left and his wealthy donor Dr. Salomon Melgen right are both accused of multiple federal crimes including bribery and honest services fraud . WELCOME TO THE D.R. FORE!
A Connecticut boy who was thrust into the national spotlight before he turned ten because of the way he could throw a baseball will not see his 17th birthday thanks to a driveby shooting. Jericho Scott 16 who became an internet star after being told he couldnt pitch for his Little League team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine was shot dead in New Haven early on Sunday. Scott was killed while he sat in a white Volkswagen with a 20yearold friend Justin Compress who was shot in the shoulder hand and wrist but is now in stable condition. Scroll down for video . The story made headlines when lawyers were hired and Scotts team eventually disbanded. His mother Nicole Scott said at the time I think its discouraging when youre telling a nineyearold youre too good at something. The murder was the citys fourth homicide of 2015 and its first youth killing of the year . Although a short life it was well lived through love laughter and positive contributions to his family friends teammates and many others in the community. A third man 19yearold Tyreese Little may also have been involved according to WFSB.
Palermo defender Roberto Vitiello hopes the Sicilian outfit can improve its dismal form on the road starting on Sunday at Udinese. The Islanders have not tasted victory away from home since November 2 when they won 20 at AC Milan. Mired in a threegame losing streak following last weekends 21 defeat at home to Milan Palermo are in 11th place and feeling a sense of urgency to turn things around. Roberto Vitiello left feels his side need to start winning away from home and ending their poor record . We need to keep working hard in order to defend our Serie A status as soon as possible Vitiello said to the Italian press. But we must bounce back. Palermo coached by Giuseppe Iachini have picked up just two points in their last six league games. My players underestimated Parma and we paid the price. Palermo are without midfielder Edgar Barreto who is sidelined for three weeks with a muscular injury.
Its that time of year when football managers double as mathematicians. With points running out and prizes at a premium theyre praying the calculator tells them the dream is still alive. But for those at the top of a claustrophobic Championship the maths is simple  win every game or risk missing out on a potential 120million payday. Two points separate four teams with four games remaining. Aitor Karanka is not wasting his time on permutations. Lee Tomlin centre fires Middlesbrough 10 ahead against Rotherham United in the Championship match . Wolves are seven points behind Boro but only outside the playoffs on goal difference after Saturdays 21 defeat to Midlands rivals Birmingham. He said It seems to have been that way for about three months where we have been chasing. Its good were in this position. We want to be a Premier League club. Bolton Wanderers Josh Vela left and Norwich Citys Nathan Redmond right battle for the ball . Derby County striker Darren Bent turns to celebrate scoring a late equaliser against Brentford .
This is the moment an unlucky man was gored between the legs by a rampaging bull after being knocked to the ground during a bullrunning celebration in Spain. The unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal trying to make it to the safety behind a set of iron bars when the angry animal sent him sprawling to the floor. And despite his desperate efforts to climb back up the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns as he tried to scramble away. Scroll down for video . The unfortunate incident happened on the street in Teulada a small coastal town on Spains Costa Blanca during the annual fiesta. The celebrations begin on April 8 and last until April 19 and include floatillas and parades celebrating the towns patron saint Sant Vicent Ferrer. He was not though to have been seriously injured.
It was one of the most horrific disasters of the First World War which still haunts the descendants of those who died. Yesterday as commemorations were held all over the world to mark the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli campaign the Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the illfated offensive. The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park Corner attended by Princess Anne. Prince Harry stops for a photo with a fan during the royal visit to Turkey yesterday . But eight months of bloody fighting later after an estimated 145000 lives on both sides had been lost the Allies pulled out having failed in their objective. Around 58000 Allied troops were killed many from Australia and New Zealand. Almost 36000 Commonwealth servicemen are buried or commemorated on Gallipoli. Prince Charles gave a moving reading about troops weeping as they left their dead comrades behind when they left Gallipoli. Queen Elizabeth and The Duke of Edinburgh attend a commemoration service at Westminster Abbey . Pictured right is a 1915 image of a British solider paying his respects at the grave of a comrade near Cape Helles .
An 18yearold man has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friends nineyearold brother to death in a Northern California town. Jordan was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to Brentwoods John Muir Hospital. Deputies put out an alert for Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home. Schultz was arrested at a hospital in Antioch at 3pm. Contra Costa County sheriffs spokesman Jimmy Lee said a nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect. Neighbors say five children lived there and it is believed Schultz may have been friends with one of the older siblings reports ABC7. This wasnt a random act. This little guy was the most energetic on the team said Almgrens Little League coach Mike De Lambert told KCRA. Great smile. Discovery Bay is a waterfront community along the banks of the SacramentoSan Joaquin River Delta.
Court bill of 500 Kim Copeland 52 was walking home from her local Sainsburys store in Coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground . A grandmother of four told of her fury today after being fined more than 500 for dropping a cigarette butt. Miss Copeland was then issued with a 50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in October last year but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated. However after failing to pay she eventually received a letter ordering her to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates Court on March 17. I heard these tyres screeching behind me and all of a sudden two women got out and started sprinting towards me. I didnt know whether to drop my shopping and put my hands in the air or walk towards them. I hadnt even realised I had a cigarette. It is just automatic. They are now saying I will face imprisonment if I dont pay the fine. A Coventry City Council spokesman said the authority had a zero tolerance policy towards litter.
Adam Federici lay inert on the turf for a moment. He realised the magnitude of what happened. Reading still struggling to avoid relegation to League One had performed heroically to push Arsenal into extratime in this FA Cup semifinal and Federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 11 but the Australian goalkeeper guessed there would be no way back now.
Tottenham are considering a stateoftheart stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new NFL London franchise. The bold design of the new 400million stadium due to be completed for the start of the 201819 season could involve a slideout grass football pitch with an NFLstyle synthetic surface housed underneath. The option of extralarge changing rooms to accommodate NFL squad sizes that can amount to as many as 70 players at a game is also being explored by architects. A spokesman for the north London club did not rule out the possibility this week confirming that they are looking at options in order to futureproof the design. The clash between the Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars on October 25 will kickoff at 1.30pm while the New York Jets vs Miami Dolphins game on October 4 and Detroit Lions vs Kansas City Chiefs contest on November 1 will both begin at 2.30pm. Even the proposed capacity of 65000 for the new White Hart Lane is a more realistic target than 90000 seats which Wembley boasts. Wembley has hosted NFL regularseason matches since the International Series began in 2007 .
US officials are expected to stop prosecuting families of American hostages who communicate with kidnappers abroad or raise funds and pay ransoms. A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group ordered by the White House is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in US hostage policy ABC news reported on Sunday. The NCTC interviewed families of hostages including the parents of journalist James Foley who was killed by Islamic State fighters. The family of a US contractor held by AlQaeda militants Warren Weinstein above confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of 250000 . Foleys mother Diane said that officials from President Barack Obamas administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son and warned that her family could face prosecution for doing so. The Obama administration has denied making any such threats. A spokesman for the family said it had made every effort to engage with those holding him or those with the power to find and rescue him.
A man was allegedly bashed by a family with glass bottles and windscreen wipers at a McDonalds drivethrough after he waved at them thinking they were his friends. Colin Mcinerney 28 claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin. The mans 22yearold girlfriend Rachael Sheppard told the NT News he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin. He even smashed a beer bottle over Cols head... it didnt look good Ms Sheppard said. I was yelling for him to stop and next thing you know three boys have jumped out of the back of their car and started bashing Col too. NT Police Duty Superintendent Louise Jorgensen says officers were called to the McDonalds about 7.15pm following reports of a violent disturbance. One did a hand gesture to which another took offence. Supt Jorgensen said Mr Mcinerney and the 35yearold male drive and his 36yearold female companion were arrested and later released without charge.
A Ukip MEP has praised Russian president Vladimir Putin as a very strong leader who has put Russia first. Diane James Ukips Justice Spokesman also applauded Mr Putins nationalist credentials and argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union. Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a brilliant operator. Scroll down for video . I admire him from the point of view that hes standing up for his country. How many journalists in jail now? Mrs James comments came as Ukips election campaign chief admitted the party sometimes resembles a rugby club on tour with members who can be boorish and chauvinistic. Were a very fastgrowing party were increasing our attraction  it clearly is daft for us to see a political context where were not maximising our support in every potential group. The event was delayed after the Ukipbranded backdrop collapsed minutes before the press conference was due to begin sparking frantic work to rebuild the set. There is this myth we will scrap maternity leave that we hate women that we dont do anything for women  I think Diane and I are living proof.
Rodrigo Alves who is best known as the new Human Ken Doll after reportedly spending more than than 265000 on plastic surgery is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched this time as a mentor for another patient. The 31yearold London flight attendant has undergone 30 bodychanging operations including four rhinoplasties liposuction and sixpack implants. He wanted to look like Tarzan or Hercules ... a skinny Hercules to build up his back so he wouldnt have to work out Dr Dubrow told People. It was crazy. Scroll down for video . Its not gratuitous at all. Hes extremely helpful Dr Dubrow said. Good times Rodrigo can be seen enjoying a pool party in Las Vegas . Coy smiles Rodrigo snapped this selfie while traveling . Naturally Im a perfectionist. A generous inheritance from his grandfather allowed him to embark on his questing with perfection beginning with a nose job. I dont think that I will really regret anything in the future he said in January. Jet setter He these photos of himself during one of his many trips.
A man who launched an online campaign to help him destroy his brand new 49000 Jeep will read out a not sorry apology to the company on national television tonight. In June last year Ashton Wood raised 18000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems. During a failed settlement between the manufacturer Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Jeep and Mr Wood one of the requests made by the car company was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an apology in a national publication. Scroll down for video . Im sorry it had to be towed four times. These included the fuel line falling off coolant leaks the rear strut leaking oil ongoing ignition failure and the turbo inlet manifold cracking . They differ from state to state but in Kansas where they have the most strict version is states that if theres three major issues with car or a number of minor issues or one safety issues then it needs to be replaced or refunded with no questions asked.
A size 28 woman who was a bridesmaid three times is celebrating shedding six stone  and is planning to walk down the aisle as a bride. Frankie Ruttledge from Strensall Yorkshire weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 1012. Frankie pictured left at her Mums wedding in 2010 always thought of herself as the fat bridesmaid however she has now lost six stone and is looking forward to her own wedding . And now the Slimming World consultant is just one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time  to marry the love of her life Luke Haynes 24. I ate a lot of pasties and sausage rolls. I was mortified. But in the end I fitted into a size 16 dress and I felt absolutely amazing that day. Breakfast . Nothing. Lunch . A pasty or pork pie . Evening Meal . I still have to work hard at it. Its great for me to see how my weight loss has had an impact on so many other people.
Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the National Football League. The decision to ban Hardy who last played for the Carolina Panthers followed a twomonth NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February. Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects. The net effect of these acts was that Ms. Holder was severely traumatized and sustained a range of injuries including bruises and scratches on her neck shoulders upper chest back arms and feet Goodell wrote. The use of physical force under the circumstances present here against a woman substantially smaller than you and in the presence of powerful militarystyle assault weapons constitutes a significant act of violence in violation of the Personal Conduct Policy. Holder had already reached a civil settlement with Hardy prosecutors said. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Rotor Volgograd one of Russias leading clubs in the 1990s and who famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup 20 years ago have been wound up after going bankrupt. The team from the Volga region of Russia were competing in the second division in the southern zone which is effectively Russian footballs third tier. Volgograd is one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 World Cup although Rotor did not play at the Victory Arena which will have a capacity of 45000 spectators. Rotor Volgograd celebrate after their surprise UEFA Cup triumph against Manchester United in 1995 . Sir Alex Ferguson checks his watch during Man Uniteds defeat on away goals against Rotor Volgograd . The English side crashed out of Europe despite Paul Scholes and Peter Schmeichels goals at Old Trafford. Over time the Volgograd Regions administration plan to turn Rotor Volgograd into a legally binding structure which will allow them to compete at a professional level the club added.
Roma ended their fourmonth winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places. Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counterattack for Roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis did the rest  saving shot after shot by Napoli in the second half. Its important to win a match and gain some continuity De Sanctis said. The last four months were tough in terms of results. So to win in front of our fans fills us with pride. Secondplace Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio who play later on Saturday. Meanwhile Napolis winless streak  home and away  was extended to five matches and Diego Maradonas former club remained fifth. Iturbe had a chance to make it 20 two minutes from time but hit the outside of the net. Napoli forward Lorenzo Insigne came on late for his first action since tearing his knee in November.
A bruising training session involving 50 scrums is how Tom Woods Northampton prepared for Saturdays topofthetable meeting with Saracens. Northampton flanker Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form following some recent poor results . Some people think youre away at a fivestar holiday resort but the pressure is real. Its a couple of per cent across the board. In fact the guys coming back are equally tired or even more so. Now theres light at the end of the tunnel and were not far off full strength. Teams have smelt blood a little bit. When you give them an in the fear factor goes all of a sudden and the reputation can dwindle quickly. Weve got to plug that hole if we really want to be title challengers. But Saints season is still very much alive. LEICESTER V LONDON WELSH SATURDAY Welford Road 3pm England lock contender Graham Kitchener makes a first Tigers appearance since February alongside Brad Thorn. PREDICTION Home win. WASPS v EXETER SUNDAY Ricoh Arena 2pm Nathan Hughes will wear No 8 for Wasps after having a suspension overturned while Christian Wade is fit to start.
A catalogue of failings have been uncovered at two NHS hospitals after seven babies and three mothers died there in the space of just eight months. Independent investigators were called into Royal Oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers and North Manchester General after the deaths of another three babies and one mother. Lisa Parkisson 35 left with son Zac died 48 hours after giving birth at Oldham Royal in June last year. Thomas Beaty right died from at the same hospital after doctors forced him back into the womb . But Im not surprised. It feels like theyre trying to cover each others backs. Pennine Acute is in the process of producing an action plan based on the recommendations from the findings. Royal Oldham Hospitals new maternity unit childrens unit and neonatal intensive care unit opened in December 2012. We are now considering that report and are developing a number of actions as a result to make some improvements to ensure we continue to provide the best quality of care for our patients.
Tenyearold twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard firsthand battle stories from their new best friend  89yearold World War II veteran Robert Harding. Carter and Jack Hanson who live in Raleigh North Carolina met their hero on the Yorktown  a retired carrier in Charleston where Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler decades before CBS reported. It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about Mr Harding on their first trip to Yorktown and the Patriots Point museum. Scroll down for video . The friends sent each other emails every day but only got to meet on board the Yorktown recently. Carter said We want to know what his voice actually sounds like. The tenyearold added I just realized how amazing history can be. Its surprising the way it worked out. The 89yearold vet is still married and has a couple of children along with grandchildren and several great grandchildren.
A former elementary school teacher who police say was obsessed with one of her 11yearold students has waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girls legal custody. Geraldine Alcorn 29 of Pittsburgh and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrates courtroom Wednesday. In exchange for the waiver  which means Alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some kind of plea bargain  Allegheny County prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors. Geraldine Alcorn pictured walking to court on Wednesday allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girls math homework exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting her . Obsessed teacher Geraldine Alcorn 28 faces multiple charges for obsessively texting an 11yearold student . The girls mother a single parent complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working. Alcorn resigned March 2. The following Monday police said the girl found gifts and several letters some encrypted in her locker and desk according to the criminal complaint.
Many of us may not have the billionaire lifestyle or scientific prowess of Marvels Tony Stark but we can now at least get his trademark hitech gloves at home. Laser expert Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Manstyle arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearers palm. And in a video the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away. Scroll down for video . He posts videos to YouTube as AnselmoFanZero. Earlier this year Mr Priebe built a laser weapon inspired by the Gatling gun. The inventor said although it is only strong enough to pop balloons it is still too dangerous to be used outside . He also offers a low power green version on his website. Prices are not known. Other inventions include the Bondinspired LaserWatch consisting of a metal case screws and a builtin laser pointer. The rechargeable watch has an LED watch module and 1500milliwatt laser.
Here are Nos 2011. 20 Mark OMeara 1998 . Aged 41 Mark OMearas chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the PGA Tour. 19 Billy Joe Patton 1954 . Sadly Pattons hopes were ultimately shot down by a double bogey on the 13th attempting to fly Raes Creek and reach the green in two. Otherwise his ace would have featured near the very top of this list. But nothing quite sums up the genius of the late great Spaniard than the way he clinched his fourshot victory over Tom Kite and Ben Crenshaw. 17 Byron Nelson 1937 . 16 Vijay Singh 2009 . Youll need to see it to believe it. 15 Nick Faldo 1989 . Charl Schwartzels victory three years ago is most famous for his riproaring finish  four birdies in the final four holes sealed his first major title  but his start was no less incredible. After missing the first green the South African somehow chipped in from 100 feet for a remarkable birdie. 13 Phil Mickelson 2004 . 12 Fuzzy Zoeller 1979 . 11 Louis Oosthuizen 2012 .
Lukas Podolski insists he is prepared to fight for his place at Arsenal when he arrives back at the club in the summer. The German World Cup winner is currently on loan at Inter Milan having joined the Serie A club in January following a tough start to the season at the Emirates where he scored just three goals in 13 appearances. The move to Italy appeared to signal the end of Podolskis time in north London but the 29yearold is adamant he still has a role to play in Arsene Wengers side. I have one year left so well will see what happens. I had a great two and a half years I scored a lot of goals there and had a lot of assists. But now Im ready. Its not a problem for me. Ive been in this business of playing football long enough he said. Podolski celebrates with Alexis Sanchez after scoring the winner against Anderlecht in October .
CNNA Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union university officials said Thursday. The prestigious private school didnt identify the student citing federal privacy laws. In a news release it said the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review. Officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved. Criminal investigations into the incident are ongoing as well. Students and faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon chanting We are not afraid. You came here for the reason that you want to say with me This is no Duke we will accept. Two students were expelled. In February a noose was hung around the neck of a statue of a famous civil rights figure at the University of Mississippi. CNNs Dave Alsup contributed to this report.
While young children must be shown the highway code to cross roads safely it seems chimpanzees have taught themselves. Researchers studying chimps in Uganda say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads cutting across their territory. They found at a busy asphalted road through the Sebitoli area of Kibale National Park in Uganda the chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing. Scientists discovered the chimps will also often run across roads while dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely. They reason that if this was for medicinal purposes different animals would eat different plants depending on their ailments. More than 90 per cent of the individuals looked right and left before and while crossing. Chimpanzees crossed in small subgroups. Miss Cibot said These observations are relevant for our understanding of adaptive behavior among chimpanzees in humanimpacted habitats. Mitigation measures like bridges underpasses reduced speed limits speedbumps signposts or police controls should be established in this area.
Harry Kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the best week of my life after becoming the Premier Leagues youngest captain this season. At just 21 years and 251 days the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their dour goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday. That came after he scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 and made a first international start in Italy on Tuesday. It has been an unbelievable couple of weeks and one I wont forget for the rest of my career. Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino admitted that their Champions League aspirations now look all but over after they failed to break a gallant Burnley down at Turf Moor. It was a very tough game he said. We fought a lot. Im pleased with a clean sheet but weve dropped two points.
Her neighbours leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and says Audrey Alexander has left parts of her garden in deep shade. Whats more it now seems likely to remain that way. Despite a 35year fight to get the trees cut down to size the council has ruled they can stay. It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexanders family. It kicked off 35 years ago when Mrs Alexanders aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii. She sensed an opportunity however with the passing of the High Hedge Act in Scotland in 2013 which allows local authorities to take action in such cases. Audrey Alexander pictured also claims other neighbours have had to move their children from their bedrooms at night for fear of the falling branches . Complainants and the hedges owner are encouraged to resolve the issue between themselves and councils should only be called in to help as a last resort. A council spokesman said the decision was made after carrying out a site inspection and considering all the evidence.
The baby boom generation is set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren  a wave of funeral debt. The cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths as the unprecedented numbers of postWorld War Two babies come to the end of their lives may be too much for many families a report said. It predicted that numbers of deaths in Britain which have been falling for 40 years will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades. Younger people are finding it increasingly difficult to afford homes or to start families and in the longterm their pensions are much less secure than those of their parents many of whom enjoyed the generous and fastdisappearing defined benefit pension system. A simple funeral with a cremation a minister and an undertaker now costs 3 590 . We all need to talk more about dying and ensure we are prepared for the inevitable.
Peter Moores insisted he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes Englands new director of cricket despite the pairs chequered past. Of course I could said Moores in St Kitts on Thursday. Its not a personal thing. People have views. Were still going through a transitional spell so to me this is about getting England as strong as we can as quickly as we can. Moores position as England coach has come under scrutiny after a woeful World Cup campaign . It depends who takes the role and how that remit is set out. When someone goes youre always sad about that but my job is to make sure we dont lose our focus on the Test series coming up. I see some emerging players Im very excited about and Im going to stay committed to them. Ive spoken to Paul.
It has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the UK. Thousands of the 165ft towers line the land spoiling scenes of beauty with a cats cradle of highvoltage cables. But their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday  complete with a pair of distinctive earrings. Scroll down for video . But it is able to carry just as much power  400000 volts. National Grid is building a training line of the less obtrusive Tpylons at their Eakring training academy in Nottinghamshire. The campaign against them  they were unloved even then  was run by Rudyard Kipling John Maynard Keynes and Hilaire Belloc. Each Tpylon measures about 115ft 35 metres tall  about a third shorter than the old pylons which were about 165ft 50 metres tall. Im incredibly proud of the high standard of engineering that brought us to this point. The new pylons wont replace the 88000 lattice pylons currently in use rather the National Grid will use them separately.
New aerial photos show the trail of destruction a tornado inflicted on a small Illinois farming community. Residents from Fairdale an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night. Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way. Its not necessarily the mementos yet its the essentials for now. One step at a time he said. Eight tornadoes roared across northern and central Illinois during Thursdays storms the National Weather Service confirmed Saturday. That tornado also injured 22 people. Im going to climb a ladder later today and see. A building is left standing in a property above . Kelly Newman 46 lost her Rochelle home. The family survived and several police officers helped free her husband who had been trapped nearly upside down between two collapsed walls.
In a ruling that could end the reign of illegal online downloading the Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online. The identity of over 4726 individuals who shared the content online using peerto peer sharing network BitTorrent will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC due to the landmark judgement. This includes their names IP addresses and residential addresses. Internet companies iiNet Limited Internode Amnet Broadband Dodo Services Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling. Scroll down for video . Justice Nye Perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual. iiNet has warned its customers to expect speculative invoicing  an intimidating letter demanding significant sums of up to US7000 for an alleged infringement or threatening higher costing court action. It means you should probably stop doing that.
Kellie Maloney pictured at Ukips spring conference in February now says that a vote for the party is wasted Kellie Maloney has said that a vote for Ukip is a wasted vote. The celebrity former boxing promoter formerly known as Frank is one of the partys most famous former candidates. But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power. I think theyll get four or five seats maybe. She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage adding You cant knock him. Speaking about transgender people she said We are probably where the gay community was 25 years ago and we can learn a lot from them. But it would be nice to hear political parties speak up on civil rights and gender issues. Mr Farage last night dismissed the criticism. In 2010 the party failed to achieve even a single second place. The Hartlepool constituency has been held by Labour since it was formed in 1974. Stuart Drummond stood as HAngus the Monkey Hartlepool United FCs mascot as a publicity stunt with the slogan free bananas for schoolchildren.
Tokyo CNNA second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow. Tokyo Electric Power Company TEPCO deployed the second remotecontrolled robot last week after the first one broke down. The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected an indicator that cooling systems were working effectively according to a statement released by TEPCO. It is a great step forward towards the decommissioning work as we can earn necessary data for the next investigation said Akira Ono the chief of Fukushima Daiichi plant. It said the green glow could not be seen when filmed from other angles. The shapeshifting robots were sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown after a devastating earthquake and tsunami in March 2011. TEPCO says the sites still too dangerous for workers to enter. CNNs Yoko Wakatsuki and Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo Japan and Naomi Ng wrote from Hong Kong.
Miami CNNInside a plane at Miami International Airport baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers bags. What they dont know is that they are being recorded on a hidden camera. The MiamiDade Police Department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts by the very airport workers who are supposed to get bags safely onto planes. Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtipscnn.com. Its a problem we all face said police Lt. Pete Estis. We will continue to be proactive until we can see that the claims of pilfering through luggage will actually decrease. Total property loss claimed 2.5 million. The highprofile case though didnt stop the thefts. Then in December seven more JFK baggage handlers were charged with stealing valuables from checked luggage. Since 2002 the agency has fired 513 officers for theft. Odd TSA finds . CNNs Harmeet Kaur and Yasmin Khorram contributed to this report.
The Ivorians CV tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs. Toure for example left home as a teenager to play in the Belgian second division. Following that came some formative years playing for Metalurh Donetsk in eastern Ukraine. History also tells us that Toure now almost 32 never stays in one place too long. Toures time at City is defined as a success bringing two Premier League titles to the Etihad . It looks extremely likely that he will leave England this summer. I once asked a member of Citys coaching staff if there was anybody quicker at the club than Micah Richards. Hes like a truck heading downhill without the brakes. Sign Kolo and maybe Yaya would follow. The plan worked with both Ivory Coast players gradually signing but Hughes had been sacked by then . I love Mario he said. I am going to take him on holiday to Africa. A winning goal in an FA Cup semifinal against Manchester United in 2011 was followed by another against Stoke City in the final.
These shocking photographs reveal how a horse riding event for a cancer charity in Northern Ireland apparently used a surprise jump in the shape of a car. Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in Greencastle County Tyrone. One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf dismounting a rider after trying to scale the vehicle  a jump that could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs. A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event on March 28. One rider reported visiting AE to be treated for badly bruised ligaments after her horse fell. trees or ditches. There was a flap of skin hanging down between the horses legs. A spokesman told MailOnline People have quite rightly felt the animals were being exploited and abused. Fermanagh and Omagh District Council  which has the power to prosecute unlike the USCPA  said its animal welfare and agriculture officials are aware of the incident and are investigating.
One of Suge Knights alleged victims claims the rap mogul growled Im going to kill you then everything went black. In his newlyreleased police interview obtained by TMZ Cle Bone Sloan tells officers Knight uttered the threat then yanked on the gear stick. Knight the cofounder of Death Row Records has denied killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle Bone Sloan in a parking lot in Compton on January 18. Scroll down for video . Hes mixing it up hes fing with us and I caught him real good. I dont know. After that thats when everything kind of turned into a dream. Knight was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation but closeups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye. A bystander then runs over to help . Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen reviewed the items before determining Knight 49 should stand trial on murder attempted murder and hitandrun charges. An hourlong interview with Sloan who survived describing what happened was also released. The entire incident took approximately 30 seconds.
It was good while it lasted. The company said earlier the outage affected 7000 stores in the US and 1000 in Canada. Scroll down for video . Its free! A nationwide shutdown of Starbucks computer system Friday evening prompted baristas to give away free coffee . Excited Twitter users spread the word about the giveaway sharing photos of the freeofcharge drinks . Store No. The computer glitch prevented staff from accepting credit cards or ringing up sales but Starbucks workers at the East Village location were still accepting cash. Some people who were standing in line at around 8.30pm had their wallets in hand. We apologize to our customers for any inconvenience or confusion and will update this statement once systems are back online. Seems like all Starbucks are doing this. Ill buy. Good news bad news The tech snafu comes just one day after the Seattlebased global coffeehouse chain led by CEO Howard Schultz pictured posted record quarterly earnings with net revenues of 4.6billion .
Louis van Gaal has revealed that he has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool when the Manchester United midfielder returns to Goodison Park on Sunday for the first time since his 27million move from Everton. Marouane Fellaini second right shares a joke with goalkeeper David de Gea during training on Friday . He said its a game. I hope the fans shall receive him like the Chelsea fans received Juan Mata because I like that very much. I am always communicating with my players about philosophy performance attitude behaviour and maybe one or two aspects more. When players believe in you they want to convince me because every player playing for Manchester United has qualities. Thats why his performances are better just now. Robin van Persie is not expected to return to the starting XI after his runout for Uniteds Under 21 side . Jones Carrick and Rojo cannot play against Everton. We have discussed our goal with the board and the owners and they have set this goal. A fitness coach puts the United firstteam squad through their paces at Fridays training session .
Nico Rosberg is too polite to say what precisely he finds irritating about the teammate with whom he is locked in the battle of his career. Sitting in an airconditioned room away from the dry heat of the Bahrain paddock he goes so far as to say this of Lewis Hamilton I know exactly how he is functioning. I understand him really really well. Some character traits. You see...? Fair?
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut and LeBron James added 20 in his first postseason game with Cleveland in five years as the Cavaliers opened a run towards a NBA title with a 113100 victory over the Boston Celtics on Sunday. Irving made five threepointers and Kevin Love another postseason rookie had 19 points and 12 rebounds. It was Clevelands first home playoff game since May 11 2010 when the Celtics won Game 5 and James left the floor to some boos from Cavaliers fans. He departed for Miami two months later but hes home now all is forgiven and Cleveland are aiming to end a championship drought dating to 1964. Jamal Crawford added 17 points for the Clippers who met the defending NBA champions challenge in a difficult postseasonopening matchup of two powers. Los Angeles Clippers point guard Chris Paul left scored 32 points as they beat San Antonio Spurs . Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks defeated Brooklyn Nets 9992 on Sunday evening . The Memphis Grizzlies downed the Portland Trail Blazers 10086 after reserve Beno Udrih scored 20 points in Game 1 of their Western Conference firstround series. Jeff Green had 11.
Secondhand car dealer Neil Tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells Henry Fords famous Model T. Despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old the businessman from Buckinghamshire is selling one every week including to the TV and film industry who have used then in shows such as Downton Abbey. Mr Tuckett says his customers love the Model T  the first affordable massproduced car  because they dont require need road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car with each one selling for around 10000. Scroll down for video . 19081927 . None . Seating capacity . 27 . Wheelbase . 100 Engine type . Horsepower . 20 . Steering . Not powerassisted . 10 gallons . Weight . 1200lbs . 2015 .
The highlyanticipated Champions League quarterfinal second leg clash between Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid took place on Wednesday but that didnt bother Jose Mourinho as he watched Fulham Under 21s lose to former club Porto. On the same night that Madrid knocked out rivals Atletico and Juventus overcame Monaco Mourinho chose Fulhams Motspur Park training ground to have his dose of live football. Joined by his son Jose Junior who is on student terms with the Cottagers the Chelsea manager was pitchside as Fulham suffered a disappointing defeat in the Premier League International Cup semifinal clash. Patrick Roberts works his way past three Porto players . Moussa Dembele  who has made a number of appearances in the Championship  also played for the U21s . A Leandro Silva hattrick earned Porto a 30 win over Fulham U21s but it could have been different story had Liam Donnelly not been sent off just before halftime. But its not all doom and gloom for the Blues as they close in on their first Premier League title since 2010. With six games to play Chelsea are 10 points above closest challengers Arsenal and two wins will bring the trophy back to Stamford Bridge.
Between the bad behaviour and the bad advice Raheem Sterling is not exactly endearing himself to potential suitors right now. Hippy crack and shisha pipes mixed in with accusations of greed after being encouraged by his agent to reject Liverpools offer of close to 100000aweek might not be quite enough to send rival clubs running. But the evidence is sure to be a concern when the worlds richest clubs assess the character as much as the class of an individual before parting with the 40million upwards Liverpool will demand to secure the services of a player like Sterling.
Its probable that Thiago Alcantara would never have signed for Manchester United even if David Moyes had wanted him. Once Pep Guardiola had made it clear he required the midfelder at Bayern Munich it was pointless for United to continue their pursuit anyway . Not that Moyes is a bad judge of a player all managers get it wrong at some point. However Uniteds need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent throughout Moyes short time at the club. Indeed it has continued to be a problem until Michael Carrick fully recovered from injury and Ander Herrera began to find his feet. Thiago right heads in Bayern Munichs first goal during their 61 win over Porto on Tuesday night . Thiago blows a kiss to the crowd as he celebrates his goal which started Bayerns remarkable comeback . But there are few players in the world who can pass like Thiago. Ivan Rakitic and Sergio Busquets have that position covered. Should Barca end up against Bayern in the Champions League semi finals they may yet rue the day they deemed him surplus to requirements.
A young accountant fell down a 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare. Graduate Jacob Phillips 23 plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark. Mr Phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December  but didnt have enough cash to pay for it. An inquest heard he ran from the driver who gave chase at the seaside town of Penarth South Wales. Cabbie Dave Sidaway told the inquest I stopped because I couldnt see where I was going. I had no idea how much danger he was in. Mr Phillips of Reading Berks was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker.
Adrian Peterson is back in the National Football League. It was announced today that starting Friday Peterson would be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings. This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. Scroll down for video . The NFL said in a release In a letter from Commissioner Roger Goodell Peterson was informed that he is expected to fulfill his remaining obligations to the authorities in Minnesota and Texas as well as the additional commitments Peterson made during his April 7 meeting with the commissioner regarding maintaining an ongoing program of counseling and treatment as recommended by medical advisors. The Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster and he was set to earn 12.75million for the upcoming season but Peterson and his camp had taken issue with the teams chief operating officer Kevin Warren. Preseason workouts are set to begin early next week though there is still no guarantee that Pterson will show up.
Aviva Premiership club Gloucester will face a Rugby Football Union hearing after selecting lock Mariano Galarza for their league game against Sale Sharks last month. The RFU has said Galarza should have been ineligible for the match. In a statement the RFU said In the Aviva Premiership rugby match against Sale Sharks on March 29 Gloucester Rugby breached Aviva Premiership Rugby regulation 3.3a by selecting a player Mariano Galarza who did not hold effective registration for Gloucester Rugby. The case will be heard by an independent panel of Jeremy Summers Bonike Erinle and Robert Horner on Monday April 27. Galarza was selected among Gloucesters replacements for a game that they lost 236 at the A J Bell Stadium. He went on as a 54thminute substitute for Tom Savage. The west country club have three league games left  against Newcastle London Irish and Bath  while they are also through to next weeks European Challenge Cup final when they will face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop.
An arrest warrant has been issued for disgraced AFL premiership player Ben Cousins after he failed to appear in a Perth court on traffic offences. Cousins 36 has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he did not appear. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments and said he had a photograph of the document but the court requires a hard copy. Scroll down for video . Ben Cousins 36 who has a history of substance abuse has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents . The 2005 Brownlow medallist was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park . He was charged with reckless driving failing to stop and refusing a breath test . The second time followed seemingly bizarre behaviour in Canning Vale including climbing on the roof of a house. Footage emerged this week showing Cousins running through the streets away from police .
Sugar consumption Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 file picture If youre feeling stressed in the office a sweet tea or coffee can seem like the perfect pickmeup. According to scientists sugar consumption can suppress the hormone cortisol which is released into the body when we are experiencing stress. Half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast lunch and dinner over 12 days while the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame. The volunteers were instructed not to consume other sugary drinks including fruit juice outside these times. Before and after the study period the women were given a difficult maths test and then underwent MRI scans to measure the response of their brains to stress. Dr Laugero added The results suggest differences in dietary habits may explain why some people underreact to stressful situations and others overreact.
A forensic psychiatrist has testified that Lou Gehrigs disease is the reason a former sheriffs deputy in Wisconsin killed his wife and sisterinlaw whom the defendant described in a suicide note as his threesome partners. Andrew Steele 40 has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife 39yearold Ashlee Steele and her 38yearold sister Kacee Tollefsbol of Lake Elmo Minnesota. Scroll down for video . Tragic sisters This undated photo provided by Rachelle Putnam shows Ashlee Steele left and her sister Kacee Tollefsbol both were found dead of gunshot wounds at Steeles home in Fitchburg Wisconsin . The defendant claims he blacked out during the killings. And on Tuesday the defense kicked things off detailing Steeles condition and how science will prove him not responsible. The prosecution disagrees. The State asked all witnesses if Steele had memory issues before that day in August and they all said no. According to Steele the women wanted to jump off a cruise ship together poison themselves with carbon monoxide inside a car or shoot themselves with his service weapon. The trial is expected to continue into next week. .
The Residence Inside The Private World Of The White House . by Kate Andersen Brower . Harper 18.99 For Americans the White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. For nonAmericans it is a respected power symbolbut not one to be especially loved. The staff all live out in Washington and commute in. The hours are long. A bevy of butlers? This didnt go down well. They went on playing until 2am.
A Florida man believed to be high on Flakka a designer drug stronger than crystal meth attacked a police officer after being shocked with a Taser twice while claiming he was God police said. Police were called after Kenneth Crowder 41 was seen by a witness on Friday running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God. He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree. Crowder was arrested in Melbourne facing charges of battery on a lawenforcement officer resisting with violence and assault with a deadly weapon on a lawenforcement officer. More officers eventually came to the scene and helped handcuff and shackle Crowder. He was booked into Brevard County Jail Complex and later posted bond to be released. Flakka which can be injected snorted smoked swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana is usually made from the chemical alphaPVP. Once ingested the drug causes a feeling of euphoria hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength. Users have nicknamed the drug 5 insanity because hits often cost less than 10 according to the SunSentinel.
CNNParents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to 11000 of welfare benefits a year under a new government policy Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has announced. Currently parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons or by stating they are conscientious objectors and still receive taxpayer funded child care benefits. Under the new no jab no pay policy the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016. The choice made by families not to immunize their children is not supported by public policy or medical research nor should such action be supported by taxpayers in the form of child care payments said Abbott in a joint statement with Social Services Minister Scott Morrison. Antivaccination campaigns have recently gained traction in Western countries. Some parents believe the shots cause autism but the theory has been widely discredited. This is a very significant narrowing Morrison told reporters in Sydney on Sunday. He added that no mainstream religious organizations have made any formal objection to immunizations.
Doctors solved the mystery behind an Arkansas mans kidney failure after discovering he loved downing a gallon of iced tea every day. Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56yearold mans kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily. Black tea has high levels of oxalate a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses. Scroll down for video . The man was admitted to the hospital in May complaining of nausea weakness fatigue and body aches. The 16dailycups habit was striking on its own since federal studies have found that the average US adult drinks about 10 to 11 cups of liquid every day including water coffee and other beverages. I wouldnt tell people to stop drinking tea said Luciano who has treated patients with oxalaterelated kidney damage.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sundays World Cup final win over New Zealand. Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his sendoff of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill and a photograph of Haddin and allrounder James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the Australians fifth World Cup triumph. Brad Haddin clapped in Martin Guptills face after the New Zealand batsman was bowled during the final . And he was able to cite the ICCs failure to censure his team as evidence that they hadnt gone over the top. Hes copped a bit hasnt he? Lehmann said. No one got reported out of the game so we must have played it fair. You accept that and you move on. We knew we wanted to be really aggressive against them and look sometimes it works sometimes it doesnt. Its not. Meanwhile ICC president Mustafa Kamal has resigned after falling out with his colleagues.
It had seemed fake tan was here to stay after becoming a beauty staple for many women who wanted to emulate their favourite celebrities bronzed looks. But their determination to achieve the perfect glow appears to be fading away in favour of adopting a lighter look. The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter 24.1 per cent from the year before bringing the value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to 14.5million. She added that artificial tanning products were the hardest hit subsector of the sun care market. But even the TOWIE crew themselves admit the look can easily go wrong. Pale skin icons include the likes of Keira Knightley pictured above at the 87th annual Academy Awards Cara Delevingne and Gwyneth Paltrow . I made my legs too dark and I just thought what have I done?! Other TOWIE performers have admitted similar errors including Lauren Goodger who was a particularly vivid colour when attending a Womans Own event last year. Its like fake tan has been off the air for a while. If skin is not on show why dress it up?
Mark Wood spent a day this week donning his newly arrived England suit. I wore it around the house a bit too much really but I was absolutely buzzing just to have it on. Trying it on is when the mixture of nerves and excitement started says Wood one of the uncapped members of Alastair Cooks squad who fly to the Caribbean on Thursday for a threeTest series against West Indies. The 25yearold would be forgiven for checking the fit because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler. Thankfully the Durham paceman has the perfect remedy to keep things interesting during a lengthy stint on the boundary rope. I like to have a trot and feed him apples  he loves Granny Smiths. Primary among those skills is a mastery of reverse swing. I did a fourweek camp in Potchefstroom South Africa before Christmas when I was smashing myself along with the other fast bowlers. That got me the Lions callup and off that maintaining that strength got me the Test callup. Its a good opportunity. The last lad from Ashington took seven for 12.
Jose Mourinho has thickened up his Chelsea midfield for Sundays west London derby at QPR. The Chelsea manager has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four as the league leaders head to Loftus Road. Mourinho has stuck with the team that it is likely to mean a more advanced role for Cesc Fabregas in the No10 position behind Didier Drogba up front with fellow striker Loic Remy out injured. Brazilian midfielder Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelseas last 11 games . Eden Hazard who Mourinho believes is the only realistic candidate to be named PFA player of the year starts on the left. Oscar was disappointing during last weekends win and Mourinho hit out at his performance afterwards .
A Chinese policewoman fought off a machetewielding thug with her bare hands despite sustaining several wounds in the process. The unarmed 22yearold Cao Yu held off the man in a terrifying fiveminute struggle in a public square in Guizhou province in southwestern China earlier this month. The man in his twenties who was holding two knives stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol reported the Peoples Daily Online. Scroll down for video . Ms Cao said I couldnt just let the man hurt innocent people. She added in an interview with a local television station I was trying to take over the machete and stall him until another officer came to help me. There were a lot of tourists walking around the square and I needed to make sure that they were safe. He kept saying that he wanted to rob someone for more money. Chinese social media users have praised Ms Caos extraordinary bravery after CCTV footage of the whole incident was released this week. Those who say they are so tough every single day are not tough at all!
It is a wellknown fact that the technology industry is mostly dominated by men but now thanks to a new blog by a young female computing student women in tech have finally been given a platform through which their amazing achievements are being recognized. Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado 21 created Women of Silicon Valley a blog based on the peopleprofiling website Humans of New Yorkin order to showcase the talents and stories of techs best and brightest women working within the industry. Over the past couple years Ive come into contact with some awesome women in tech through Stanford or work and I kept thinking to myself why have I never heard of them before? Lea told BuzzFeed. Looking up The blog has attracted attention from the best in the business including womenintech advocate Tracy Chou a software engineer at Pinterest . Tracy herself has also made strides in bringing awareness to the gender disparity in tech. This means nobody is having honest conversations about the issue. Dropbox records that only 26 of its 275 software engineering employees are female while Etsy records 19 of 149 and GitHub shows only 10 out of 160.
This is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10storey Chinese tower block. The video  filmed by a passerby in Shanghai  shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump reports Peoples Daily Online. Police had failed to convince the woman  who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend  to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her. Video footage captured the moment fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal womans arm just in time . She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen . Xu has been widely praised for his actions but insisted he was only doing his job. Under normal operational procedures I would have to wear my helmet as well as my safety ropes.
A private funeral service attended by explayers Shane Warne and Ian Chappell was held on Wednesday for former Australia cricket captain and commentator Richie Benaud. Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benauts wife Daphne which she declined. Mr Abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in Australia and around the world. Benauds memorial booklet titled Remembering Richie included a few words thanking the guests . Daphne Benaud centre with family and friends listens to speeches about her late husband Richie . January 1952 Test debut against West Indies at Sydney Cricket Ground . Summer 1960 First radio commentary for BBC . September 2005 Final commentary in England after 42 years . But after he received a phone call from Mrs Benaud he remarked my understanding is that Richies own wishes was for something very very quiet and very very private.
A nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into 96yearold Phyllis Hadlows pictured mouth to silence the dementia patients screams . A hospital nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into a 96yearold womans mouth to stop her screaming. She also poured water over the dementia patient telling other staff My son said if they do it to you you can do it to them. A court heard how Roberts 53 mistreated Mrs Hadlow when the elderly widow was being treated at the hospital. Roberts was found guilty of one count of illtreatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a twoday trial  but avoided a prison sentence. Mrs Hadlow who has since died needed extensive medical care and would occasionally lash out and shout Canterbury Magistrates Court was told. He said She didnt think about the consequences of her actions. Roberts from Deal Kent was suspended after the incident in October 2013 and then sacked.
The Manchester derby will be more like El Clasico with 14 native Spanishspeaking players due to be involved. Eight of Uniteds firstteam squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanishspeaking countries. They are David de Gea Victor Valdes Juan Mata Ander Herrera all Spain Marcos Rojo Angel di Maria both Argentina Antonio Valencia Ecuador and Falcao Colombia at United and Willy Caballero Pablo Zabaleta Martin Demichelis Sergio Aguero all Argentina Jesus Navas and David Silva both Spain at City. Nine Englishspeakers are expected to be in the two sides respective 18man squads including England internationals Phil Jones Michael Carrick Ashley Young Wayne Rooney Joe Hart James Milner as well as Frank Lampard. Both clubs pride themselves on bringing through their own products. Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that Citys youth academy was more profitable on arrival at United . For three years after the departure of Wes Brown to Sunderland Danny Welbeck flew the Manchester flag. But following the Longsight lads move to Arsenal Novembers first instalment at the Etihad Stadium saw not one hometown native in either squad for the first time in living memory.
Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian has been detained in Iran for eight months and faces trial for security charges unspecified by the government . A Washington Post journalist who has been detained in Iran for eight months has been accused of espionage and acting against national security according to an Iranian news agency. Iranian officials announced in January that Jason Rezaian who is the Posts Tehran bureau chief would stand trial before the countrys Revolutionary Court to face security charges but did not elaborate what those charges were. The report alleges that Rezaian 39 obtained economic and industrial information from the country and then sold it to unnamed Americans. Fars claimed that selling Irans economic and industrial information at a time of sanctions is exactly like selling food at a time of war. Now we have someone outside the judiciary system making outlandish allegations that come with no evidence. This isnt justice. I can see him anytime she said. Jason asked me to provide a strong defense. Im in constant touch with his wife and family. Rezaian was not allowed to hire a lawyer until seven months after he was first arrested.
Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew insists he is better than many of the Premier Leagues bigname managers but has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park for a tabletopping side. Palace have won six out of 10 league games since Pardew succeeded Neil Warnock at the start of the year to all but guarantee their place in the Premier League next season. The Eagles were in the bottom three when Pardew took over and their climb up the table has succeeded in easing relegation fears and subsequently boosting the profile of a manager who has yet to take charge of a club constantly vying for honours. Pardew pictured with Arsene Wenger feels he could do a better job than some of his rival managers . Im really happy here  I dont really want another job he added. In a way the Palace board have been lucky because even if I have great success here I wont be looking to jump away. Manchester City will provide a stern test of Pardews managerial ability when they visit Selhurst Park on Monday and Pardew hopes his sides teamwork can overcome the considerable technical ability of Manuel Pellegrinis starstudded lineup.
A Craig Cathcart goal was enough to put Watford top of the Championship with just two games of the season remaining following a 10 win over Birmingham. The Hornets went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places following Middlesbroughs victory at Norwich on Friday. They looked as though they would have to settle for second after Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth ahead against Sheffield Wednesday and on course for top spot but Chris Maguires stoppagetime penalty at the Goldsands Stadium denied the Cherries and left Watford on top of the pile. Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute . Birmingham goalkeeper Darren Randolph. is powerless to stop Cathcarts sublime effort . The ball then broke for Matej Vydra whose followup was deflected up and onto the crossbar. Scotland forward Ikechi Anya made a huge contribution when he was introduced in the 54th minute . Angella had another chance and on this occasion he did nothing wrong meeting an Abdi corner with a downward header only to see it cleared off the goalline.
As Kate and William prepare for the arrival of the second child the British public are keeping their fingers crossed that they will opt for a traditional name. A new poll has revealed that Diana is the favourite option for baby if it is a girl. According to the YouGov survey for the Sunday Times 12 per cent of people questioned thought that the child should be named after Williams mother  Diana the Princess of Wales. Kate and William leaving the Lindo Wing of St Marys Hospital in London with their newborn son Prince George in 2013. Brits are hoping for a baby princess this time and favour the name Diana . Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference getting nine per cent of the vote each. I will be 90 more emotional.
CNN I see signs of a revolution everywhere. I see it in the oped pages of the newspapers and on the state ballots in nearly half the country.
A restless baby has been lulled to sleep by her fathers impression of Darth Vader. Madison Avery Crotty from San Diego is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation. In a new video posted online the wriggling onemonthold seems to doze off as soon as Thomas Buddy starts his deep breathing technique. Scroll for video . And hes seen looking delighted to discover that his daughter finds the Star Wars sound soothing saying She likes the dark side! The crackling deepsea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier. It has been viewed more than 4000 times. Buddy loaded the precious moment on his YouTube channel yesterday . An interview with the sounds designer Burtt from the Lucasfilm archives shows him describing the process. He says that what started out as a very loud and noiseproducing project which made Vader sound like a moving operating room and queezing windmill was eventually toned down to the life support system mechanical part robot sound we know today.
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child just days after a video surfaced of the elite athlete training while eight months pregnant. The twotime world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic teams Twitter and Pittmans former agency PACE Sports Management has also offered congratulations on the new addition. Pittmans sevenyearold son Cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily who was introduced to her mothers athletic ability while still in the womb. Emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on Monday reported The Brisbane Times. The 32yearold plans to compete in both the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics . She also knew her body and said some days she could not train Mr Hurst said. I cant wait to meet my baby girl shes my little miracle! She turned to IVF to conceive her second child falling pregnant with an anonymous sperm donor before she met her current partner James Gurr. He gave me perspective on what is truly important she writes adding that he is her number one fan.
Grandparents have pleaded for the safe return to Australia of two young children whose mother took them from Melbourne to the Islamic State capital in Syria. Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year and she regularly boasts on Twitter that her fouryearold daughter and twoyearold son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching IS videos of Muslims killing bad ppl. The childrens paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab 28 is brainwashing the children after their father was killed near the SyriaTurkey border last year The Herald Sun reported. Kassab posts pictures to Twitter of airstrikes hitting blocks away from their Raqqa apartment . We pray they come back but it does not look good. A photo of another airstrike a day later. On her Twitter account she boasts about her childrens distaste for Kuffar nonbelievers My 4yo encouraging her little bro to eat his eggs  Cmon eat ur eggs so u can be big  strong  fight the Kuffar! Allah yehmikum! sic she wrote in December. This is the most excitement Sydney has seen since the 2000 Olympics!
Hillary Clintons security detail arrived at a suburban Des Moines Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle  a second Scooby. After her signature oversize black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk Iowa a visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle. Both armored vehicles have raised roofs deeptinted windows and New York license plates. Scroll down for video . WHY BUY ONE WHEN YOU CAN HAVE TWO AT TWICE THE PRICE? The first picture of both of Hillary Clintons Scooby mobiles. BACK SEAT DRIVER? Its common for U.S. Secret Service to employ decoy vehicles identical in design in order to inject some mystery into VIPs travel plans if for no other reason than to confuse and discourage wouldbe attackers. But at some point during presidential campaigns frontrunner status generally attracts Secret Service as a candidates profile is elevated and crowd sizes swell. It also included a white minivan on Wednesday . When that car stopped at a red light the GMC vans blue and red flashing lights came on.
Surgeons have removed kidneys that each weighed as much as a newborn baby from an Indian man with a genetic disorder. The giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs 2.7kg  and was 20 times bigger thanit should have been. It was was extracted from a 45yearold suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease ADPKD. This condition causes fluidfilled cysts to grow in the kidneys so they expand in size. Incredibly a week after his initial operation at Delhis Sir Ganga Ram Hospital a second kidney weighing 5.5lbs 2.5kg was removed. Normally healthy kidneys weigh between 125g and 170g in men  less than half a pound. I used to remain tired throughout the day due to excessive blood loss the patient whose name has not been released by the hospital said. He will soon receive a kidney transplant. ADPKD affects between 1 in 7001000 individuals worldwide with 12.5 million cases globally and is currently incurable. It is caused by mutations in one or more genes causing them to function abnormally. In the early stages there may be no symptoms and the cysts wont be noticed until adulthood.
Jack Nicklaus believes it is time for the young guys to take over after Jordan Spieths recordbreaking Masters victory on Sunday. Nicklaus was hugely impressed by Spieths fourshot win over Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson which saw him set 36 and 54hole scoring records equal the 72hole record set by Tiger Woods in 1997 and also become the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta. The 21yearold who was second last year moved from fourth in the world rankings to second behind Rory McIlroy as a result and that means the worlds top two players have a combined age of 46. In comparison Mickelson is 44 and Tiger Woods 39. Jordan Spieth left sent a number of Augusta records tumbling on his way to winning The Masters . Now hes a grizzled veteran at 21 years old  just 21. I am someone who likes the new generations. I always have. I think it energises the game of golf. When I look at him I look into a future. Hes a player with so much imagination. Its going to be fun.
The search for missing woman Jessica Bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening. Ms Bialeks husband Sabino Matera confirmed she was home shortly after 630pm on Thursday. Scroll down for video . Found. Thank you Mr Matera posted on his Facebook account. Tuesday morning was the last time.. He added that officers had also been doorknocking and checking moteliers in an attempt to discover where she may have stayed on Wednesday evening. We are very concerned about Jessica. Please help me to find her! Praying for Jessicas safe return xxx thinking of you and family right now be strong another said. She is described as being of Caucasian appearance 170175cm tall with a slim build and black hair. Anyone who knows the missing persons whereabouts or has any information that could assist investigators is urged to contact Maroubra Police on 02 9349 9299 or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Former Italy forward Antonio Di Natale has described Alexis Sanchez as the best strike partner hes ever had and insisted the Arsenal forward is better than Neymar. Di Natale who won 42 caps for Italy between 2002 and 2012 spent five years playing alongside Sanchez at Udinese who he still captains at the age of 37. Azzurri legends Francesco Totti and Alessandro Del Piero are just two of the names Di Natale has played alongside but he told Arsenals official website that Sanchez tops the lot. Sanchez has been in storming form with 20 goals in all competitions during his debut season with the Gunners . He said I know what you are going to ask. It s quite easy to be a star in a little or medium team where there is no pressure and where competition is far to be ferocious. But to confirm your individual qualities within the biggest teams is something only few can achieve. I was amazed by his technical skills he did things with the ball that were more typical of a juggler than a footballer.
A furious Mr Shapps denied the claims published by the Guardian describing them as an extreme dirty tricks campaign. Scroll down for video . The Tories described the story as completely false and defamatory. Its just ridiculous. He has made a very clear statement about this and I have got nothing to add to that. Absolutely totally without foundation. Changes to pages create an audit trail which can be linked back to users. We could all learn a lot from him. Quite simply a colossus. The press release noted that it had been edited by Wikipedia user Contribsx. Mr Shapps a 46yearold father of three was first elected in 2005. His cousin is Mick Jones guitarist of punk rock band The Clash. A decade later he was diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma but went into full remission after chemotherapy. The future Tory politician studied business and finance at Manchester Polytechnic and upon leaving university he set up a successful printing business.
As the bright smiling face of morning TV in the Noughties Fern Britton shocked fans when she admitted to struggling with crippling depression. The motheroffour had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. Things were so difficult at one point that she planned to crash her car into a brick wall. Scroll down for video . Lovely! Now Im just going to pop upstairs and kill myself. Fern and husband Phil Vickery will celebrate their 15th wedding anniversary next month . The couple met on the TV food show Ready Steady Cook . Because I knew it would pass. She has declared that she has no interest in cosmetic surgery deciding instead to grow older gracefully telling Bryony Gordon I know Im never going to look the way I did when I was 25 but I know I could look very odd. So this is what 57 is and this is what 57 looks like. Ive got. I am vain about being as fit as I can be  not about my wrinkles.
Charlie Austin is being considered for a surprise England call up for the national teams summer fixtures after scoring 17 goals for relegationthreatened QPR. Austin is in contention because Harry Kane who scored on his debut against Lithuania last month and made his first start against Italy in Turin will be with Gareth Southgates Under21 team. The QPR striker will continue to be monitored by England head coach Roy Hodgson and assistant Ray Lewington ahead of the friendly with Republic of Ireland on June 7 and the Euro 2016 qualifier in Slovenia seven days later. England manager Roy Hodgson poses for a selfie at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday evening . Hodgson has an established attack with Wayne Rooney Danny Welbeck and Daniel Sturridge when fit but the unsuccessful trial of Theo Walcott up front in Italy has forced them to look elsewhere. Austin second right scores for Queens Park Rangers against Aston Villa earlier this month . Hodgsons side have a 100 per cent record in the Euro 2016 qualifiers but it has emerged he is now looking at his options ahead of a squad announcement next month.
A King Charles Spaniel suffered three degree burns from a pad used to keep him warm during a scan which vets had heated up in a microwave. Twelveyearold Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket Suffolk. The pet who is also completely deaf had the scan last month after his owner Lynne Edwards from Huntington in Cambridgeshire noticed a lump behind his ear. Alfies owner Lynne Edwards said she only realised something was wrong with the pet when he started to refuse food and found puss oozing from his back . She said I just dont understand how it could have been taken from the microwave and then put directly onto Alfie without it being noticed how hot it was. They have told me that they always warm them up in microwave but after what happened they have promised to change their practice. Alfie is now on medication while his wounds heal but could face surgery to remove some of the skin around the burns. We have reviewed and are updating our Standard Operating Procedure for the use of heat pads.
A Liberal Democrat candidate has thanked Nick Clegg for not visiting his seat because he said it would turn off voters. Josh Mason who is standing in Lib Demheld Redcar said the Deputy Prime Minister was not the most popular. He said that a visit from the party leader to the seat which is currently held by the Lib Demswould not do us any favours. Scroll down for video . The party secured 23 per cent of the vote in the 2010 election. Since taking the Lib Dems into government and breaking his promise to scrap tuition fees the partys poll ratings have slumped to single figures. Most Lib Dem MPs are choosing to keep Mr Clegg off their leaflets and instead campaign on local issues. . .
Poisoned by Botox? Mike and Susan Fortuna of Shelburne are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their daughter Mandy . In November a Vermont jury awarded a New York family 6.75 million in their lawsuit against Allergan. Their lawyer said 7yearold Joshua Drake developed epilepsy after getting Botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy. Her breathing was shallow and Mandy had trouble holding her head up. She began to experience seizures or seizurelike spells. It came about seven or eight weeks too late Mike Fortuna told the Burlington Free Press. Nonetheless we were perplexed by the whole thing. That verdict was 212 million and included a 200 million punitive damages award. The case later settled for a confidential amount. According to the release Chesters other clients range from adults who wanted to remove a few wrinkles to young children with cerebral palsy who received high dose offlabel Botox to treat spasticity. Dr. Bejamin has declined to comment on the pending litigation .
Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker has labelled Nigel Farage a d during last nights leaders debate. Scroll down for videos . He took another dig at the Ukip leader later on writing Who would you back? Mr Miliband whose hopes of using the debate to catapult him into Number 10 floundered last night also came under fire. Can this please end with a penalty shootout. Whats going on here? It was not Polish care workers or Estonian bar workers who caused this economic crisis  it was bankers  Leanne Wood. I know there are some horrible things happening in many part of the world but what we need to do is put the National Health Service there for British people and families who in many cases have paid into the system for decades. I believe that when working people succeed Britain succeeds. Lets create a job for everyone that wants and needs one. The Prime Minister had been accused ahead of the clash of running scared after dodging a headtohead showdown with the Labour leader.
Every day Sportsmail takes a look at the European papers to see what are the biggest stories creating talking points on the continent. Lets start in Spain where Marca and AS report that Real Madrid are set to be without Karim Benzema for their Champions League quarterfinal second leg clash against rivals Atletico Madrid. The French striker who has 15 La Liga goals to his name this season missed Madrids 31 victory against Malaga with a knee injury which he is struggling to recover from. Despite Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti telling reporters Benzema is not available for Malaga but we will have him back for the next game Marca lead with the headline Benzema still doubtful. The Madridbased newspaper claim that Ancelotti is hesitating between playing a 442 or 433 formation as Gareth Bale and Luka Modric also look likely to miss Wednesdays clash. Mundo Deportivo hail Mister Lucho Luis Enrique for his impressive record as Barcelona manager . Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu on Saturday evening . Over in Italy Tuttosport celebrate Juventuss march towards the Serie A title following their 20 victory against Lazio on Saturday.
The first lady of North Korea has appeared in public for the first time since December as part of celebrations marking the birthday of the countrys founding leader Kim IlSung. A grinning Ri SolJu wearing what appeared to be a wedding ring on her left hand was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband Kim Jongun during a mens football match at Kim Il Sung Stadium on Monday the North Korean Central News Agency KCNA said. The images of the couple at a podium flanked by top party officials were published in state media. Scroll down for video . Their marriage was only revealed in July 2012 when pictures emerged of a young woman accompanying Kim at official events . He was succeeded by his son Kim JongIl who also ruled until his death in December 2011 when power was transferred to his son and current leader Kim Jongun. Attending the race were more than 600 marathon fans from dozens of countries including Malaysia Singapore Sweden Finland UK and Italy KCNA said. It has now been removed .
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of supporters if he fails to invest in the club. Thousands of fans stayed away from Sundays Barclays Premier League defeat by Tottenham at St James Park in protest at the way the sportswear Tycoon is running the club with the official attendance of 47427  the capacity of the stadium is in excess of 52000  understood to include many season ticket holders who did not attend. Protesters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head for Tyneside on Saturday but Mark Jensen editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk fears longerterm consequences. Newcastle fans hold up Ashley Out banners mocked in the style of his Sports Direct chain of stores . Thats a longterm danger. Unofficial estimates have put the actual attendance for the 31 defeat by Spurs at significantly lower than 47000 although some have seemed wildly optimistic. Jensen said I thought it was a massive success. Imagine thousands of people going to Tesco or Sainsburys and buying 30 worth of shopping and saying Hang on a second Im not happy you can have your shopping back. There isnt one  why wouldnt there be a buyer?
Mixed martial arts fighter Anderson Silva says he will fight for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The announcement was made on Wednesday after a meeting with Brazilian taekwondo officials. Considered one of the best poundforpound fighters in the history of mixed martial arts Silva said he is trying to give back to the sport in which he began his career. Taekwondo confederation president Carlos Fernandes said it will be an honor for our sport to welcome an athlete of this importance. The former UFC champion tested positive for two steroids in an outofcompetition test Jan. 9 and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31. The 40yearold Brazilian posted a photo of himself via his Twitter page practicing taekwondo last week .
Mothers across the globe have been left outraged by an alleged religious community that is criticizing moms for having cesarean sections instead of natural childbirths  creating a series of insulting campaign images or memes that claim they didnt really give birth. The Facebook page of the socalled Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share and comment on the groups anticesarean memes expressing their disgust at the outrageous messages they express the community led by Father Patrick Embry is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame lazy and negligent mothers who have elected to undergo Csections. You caught a lucky break. Alarming message This controversial anticesarean meme posted on the Disciples of the New Dawns Facebook page on Sunday has been shared nearly 80000 times . Gods Peace sic. I am proud to have had a Csection! I was in labor for 3 days Barri Lynne Thomas wrote today. We found out my baby was stuck on my pelvis face up! It doesnt matter how one gives birth. Ignorance is bliss. May God forgive your stupidity Wendy Comfort added. And Cassie Wallace noted 8304 ppl LIKED THIS POST?
A 1yearold girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in what suburban Seattle police initially described as an apparent case of road rage. The baby was in very critical condition Friday a day after the shooting said Susan Gregg a spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Scroll down for video . Target Police say a black car pulled alongside this silver Chevrolet Impala carrying Malaja and the driver and passenger opened fire striking the 1yearold in the head . The shooting took place at an intersection near the Lake Fenwick Estates apartment complex in Kent. Linda Johnston who lives nearby ran outside after she heard gunshots. Bam bam bam bam bam she told Seattle television station KOMO. Heartwrenching Malajas relatives including her aunt right were heard sobbing and screaming including one enraged woman left who cried out I want revenge! On Thursday evening Malajas heartbroken family said the toddler was brain dead. Everybody needs to live for your kids... You aint no gangster because you want to carry a gun. Thats stupid.
A second spectacular blast from the Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash. The volcano is one of the most dangerous of Chiles 90 active volcanoes but was not under any special observation before it suddenly sprung into life at around 6pm local time yesterday. Emergency officials were taken by surprise and had only a few minutes to issue an alert. Scroll down for video . Scared A 30yearold from Puerto Varas pictured said she saw the column of smoke rising up from the volcano when she looked out of her window Aftermath The two violent explosions shot billions of cubic metres of ash into the atmosphere caking nearby localities like La Ensenada in mounds of abrasive soot . Isolated A masked and hooded woman stands alone among the ash falling in the San Marin de Los Andes area near Calbuco . This particular volcano has erupted a number of times over the last hundred years. We are praying that the volcanic activity will be as short as possible said mayor Roberto Cacault. Armageddon type reaction. A friend told me to fill everything we have with water.
Four koalas travelling to Singapore have been given a quick taste of Qantas Business Class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves. Paddle Pellita Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapores 50th anniversary of independence. The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday. Julie Bishop announced this gift on Thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures . While not actually travelling among the elite the animals are still being treated as premium passengers in specially built containers fit with a eucalyptus tree and climate control. The move will then be made permanent after their enclosure is completed. I cant think of a better way to express our friendship our partnership the depth of relationship she said. The Lone Pine Sanctuary in Brisbane is the worlds biggest koala sanctuary with over 130 of the creatures .
Justin Rose might just have made the most important pencil mark of his entire career to put himself in contention at Augusta this weekend. The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader Jordan Spieth. But it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start as he tried to build on his openingday 67. Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots. He revealed I was feeling really uncomfortable with my game so I drew a line on my scorecard at that point like you draw a line in the sand. He said Im starting seven back and Jordan has played beautifully so far but we all know a lot can happen. Maybe Ian Poulter could borrow Roses pencil after a disappointing day in which his putter couldnt get going. Its simply unacceptable and disgraceful putting  34 putts for level par is pathetic. Earlier 19yearold Scot Bradley Neil had a tough day shooting a 79 and finishing 13 over.
Amanda Knox may have finally cleared her name but eight years of legal battles have left the Seattle native penniless exhausted and traumatized from stress claims her biographer. In prison she was threatened with rape from a male guard it was a really terrible experience says Trial By Jury author Douglas Preston. I think it has really affected her its really hard to lead a normal life after that. Scroll down for video . Three weeks after an Italian court overturned her conviction for the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher Preston told RadarOnline that Knox is living out a bittersweet victory. She went to Italy as a normal 20yearold West Coast girl a soccer player rock climber very naïve says Preston about Knoxs illfated adventure to Perugia. Anyone who has been through what shes been through is going to have issues. Family struggle Amanda Knox stands on the front porch with her fiancé her mother Edda Mellas and stepfather Chris Mellas. This despite receiving a reported 4 million advance for her 2013 book Waiting To Be Heard. I am the lucky one. Both Knox above and Sollecito could now seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison .
Rihanna Cooper 21 from Hull hit the headlines when at 16 she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment. Scroll down for video . Now having realised she cant go on as a man again and having to pay for her treatment privately Rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams. Its exhausting sometimes too. But Rihanna insists that her decision was the right one  and blames NHS psychiatrists and doctors for clouding her focus. Rihanna was born Bradley Cooper in January 1994 and grew up with her mum Elaine 46 and three sisters Claire now 29 Katy 26 and Sophie 23. My mum bought me Action men but I wasnt interested. She says It was hardly a shock. My family had always known. I felt so alone so isolated. I just wanted to be happy. Staff at these clinics can carry out a detailed assessment of your child to help them determine what support they need. SOURCE .
George and Amal Clooney have returned to Italy to celebrate her birthday with a threeday starstudded party it has been reported. The actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como. The party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooneys 37th birthday in February according to a source. Scroll down for video . Stella McCartney Sleeveless Marine Embroidery Dress . Get a similar style at Neiman Marcus . Visit site . By now weve all realized that Amal Clooney has a closet full of designer clothes for every day of the week. The form fitting silhouette highlighted Amals slim physique. Reiss Cersei Lace Sleeve Shift Dress . He bought the adjacent Villa Margherita shortly afterwards. Alongside their Italian pile the couple own a sprawling Berkshire manor house. In the film Mr Clooney plays Lee Gates a financial TV personality whose insider tips have afforded him a reputation as the money guru of Wall Street.
It is not the first advertising billboard in which a company has used the image of a svelte bikiniclad model to sell its wares and it probably wont be the last. But something about this poster for Protein World diet supplements has struck a collective raw nerve. The company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign  including vandalised posters a petition a protest rally and even a bomb threat. Scroll down for video . began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago. On ITVs Good Morning Britain yesterday presenter Susanna Reid 44 admitted that like many women she finds the advert a little bit anxietyinducing On ITVs Good Morning Britain yesterday presenter Susanna Reid 44 admitted that like many women she finds the advert a little bit anxietyinducing. Posters have been vandalised with feminist messages such as Your body is not a commodity. Photographs of the amended signs have gone viral online. I think thats quite extreme behaviour. Weve actually had threats on our head office physical violent threats. . . Sioned Quirke a specialist dietitian based in South Wales said Some people do find that increasing their protein intake can aid weight loss.
It has long been considered the most expensive place in the UK to buy property but it seems London is being pipped to the post by coastal Salcombe. According to data analysed by Harbour Hotels the average cost of property in London  a whopping 638217  actually falls below that of the Devon enclave. The seaside town in the South Hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price 671759. And for those who want a room with a water view that will cost you even more. The average value of a waterfront property in Salcombe tops 2million putting it ahead of some of Londons priciest postcodes including Notting Hill and Regents Park. Property prices in Salcombe have soared 10 per cent in the last 12 months while Padstow has seen an 8 per cent decrease . Known as ChelseaonSea the idyllic waterside community is a yachting and sailing paradise and home to fresh seafood and many stunning beaches.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who dont researchers claim. The findings come after the general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in nonIT classes. However research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices. Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher than students who used the device on their own and noniPad users. She worked with 352 students at a Midwestern suburban school district during the research. She is due to present her findings at the 65th Annual Conference of the International Communication Association in Puerto Rico.
Jenson Button could do no more than look at the positives in the wake of another frustrating day at the wheel of his faltering McLaren. After stopping on track in each of the practice sessions on Friday due to technical issues Button made it a hattrick in qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix. After just three corners of the Bahrain International Circuit the 35yearold ground to a halt with what the team believe to be another electrical issue. Jenson Button was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle by a marshal after his engine failure . Racing director Eric Boullier insists the problems are unrelated and just glitches stopping the car. In contrast and on the upside teammate Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season and will start 14th. I ended up 11th. Its still only P3 but it was a good feeling. Races can change quickly. If we want some points probably we need some help.
Jonathas took advantage of a defensive blunder to give Elche a 10 win against Real Sociedad in La Liga on Monday night. The striker took advantage of some poor control and hesitation by Sociedad midfielder Markel Bergara to steal the ball before racing away unchallenged to score his 10th goal of the season. Xabi Prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side but shot over the bar on the halfhour mark. Real Sociedad manager David Moyes lets out a sigh as his side lost at the Martinez Valero Stadium . Elche midfielder Mario Pasalic on loan from Chelsea grapples with David Zurutuza in a bid for possession . Barcelona are top of the league on 78 points two ahead of rivals Real Madrid in secondplace.
British world dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas. The 29yearold and her horse Valegro who won the world title in Lyon last year recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal with American Steffen Peters in third. Her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year but there was no wiping the smile off Dujardins face. Las Vegas is everything I ever thought it would be so Ive not been disappointed said Dujardin. With a horse like Valegro you could not ask for any more. Valegro has had a 24hour trip to get here. But he was feeling much better and I had a really great ride.
Nairobi Kenya CNNKenya froze dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters after militants massacred 147 people last week at a university in Garissa. The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to AlShabaab the militant group that claimed responsibility for the Thursday attack. So far the government has frozen 86 accounts but that number could go up said Mwenda Njoka a spokesman for the Interior Ministry. Kenyans mourned the victims of the attack Tuesday night at Nairobis Uhuru Park where hundreds gathered. Organizers unloaded 147 crosses some draped with the nations flag as candles flickered in the dark. They were just children. They died trying to get an education. Some students remain unaccounted for and wailing relatives alternate their searches between hospitals and morgues. With the benefit of hindsight you can always say things could have been done better Manoah Esipisu said. CNNs Joseph Netto reported from Nairobi and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta.
A fouryearold child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering Secret Service to put the White House under lockdown. The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon. Child was fine and was safely reunited with parents following the incident Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary told CNN. The man died after shooting himself on the west front of the Capitol building just after 1 p.m. Capitol Police spokeswoman Kimberly Schneider said. No one else was hurt. A man carrying a backpack and rolling suitcase shot himself while carrying a sign about taxation. Authorities do not believe there is a terrorism connection . Bishop didnt witness the suicide but said there were about 60 people in the area and that some of them did including a girl and her mother who immediately began crying afterward. The lockdown came during Washingtons annual Cherry Blossom Festival which attracts thousands of tourists during Washingtons busy season. Congress has been on spring recess for two weeks and lawmakers are set to return to work Monday.
The Philadelphia Office of Transportation aims to get the citys pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message to the people. A video from the office features characters in safety suits including Bubbleman a Fashionista wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights. The campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from ones phone including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year. While other safety programs are directed at keeping motorists from hitting and killing pedestrians the City of Brotherly Loves is focused on those walking around the city. Scroll down for video . More than 40 per cent of drivers who hit pedestrians and 30 per cent of the 1800 pedestrians that are hit are 18 to 34 Mayors office planner Ema Yamamoto said according to Plan Philly. One says Cars have bumpers people dont. Twitter user JonasMcivitas called the ads tone deaf. Certainly everybody is responsible for paying attention to their surroundings. New York Citys Vision Zero campaign against accidents which has included speed limit reductions focuses on drivers.
Three people have been killed after clubbers stampeded into a nightclub to see a British punk band called Doom. The crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago. The band were on stage at the time when a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub. Police general Hugo Insulza said the crush outside the club caused a structure inside the building to fall killing three and injuring a dozen more. Seven people are in a critical condition according to Dr Mario Henriquez. The band are described as Crust Punk and perform tracks such as AntiSocial and Raining Napalm. Seven people were critically injured in the crush with five others treated in hospital for minor ailments .
A new Islamic fatwa in Turkey has decreed that Muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet. Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible. The new announcement reported by Hurriyet Daily News stated If water cannot be found for cleansing other cleaning materials can be used. I seek refuge with You from all offensive and wicked things They must enter with their left foot and leave with their right saying a second prayer Praise be to Allah who relieved me of the filth and gave me relief People should not speak greet anyone else or read while they are relieving themselves .
A prankster who pretended he had put his girlfriends dog in a washing machine got a very painful comeuppance after she glued him to a chair naked. Dominika Petrinova from the Czech Republic was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldiks prank which went viral after he posted it online. The 27yearold had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash before Mr Meldik revealed the joke and that her beloved pet was safe and sound. Ouch! This hilarious video shows her setting up the gag by super gluing the waxing strips to a plastic office chair. It takes a few moments for him to realise what happened while Ms Petrinova was heard laughing in the background. You are pranking me now? Mr Meldik 31 cried and screamed as he tried to free himself before he eventually ripped himself off the chair leaving a fair portion of skin and hair behind in the process.
Benik Afobes firsthalf finish kept Wolves slim dreams of promotion alive and helped push 10man Wigan to the brink of relegation after a tense clash at the DW Stadium. Afobe popped up unmarked early on to bundle home and the result leaves Wigan on the verge of dropping into English footballs thirdtier after a dreadful season. To make matters worse the Latics will have to face Brentford next weekend without star man James McClean who received his marching orders in injurytime for a second bookable offence. Wigan Athletic Carson Pearce Perch Maguire Boyce Chow Cowie 79 Kvist Fortune 56 Bong Bokyung McClean Pennant McKay 68 Subs not used Al Habsi Taylor McCann Cowie Barnett . Booked Iorfa Stearman and Dicko . Scorer Afobe 25 . Referee J Linington . Attendance 16810 . And worryingly enough for their fans if they do go down an uncomfortable summer involving an expected player exodus will almost certainly be on the cards. Wigan defender Emmerson Boyce drops to his knees as the former FA Cup winners head towards the drop . Both these teams can still get what they want out of this season. But only just.
One US Navy SEAL died and another was critically injured on Friday while training in a pool at a Virginia military base a Navy spokesman said. The two members of the Navys elite sea air land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at Joint Expeditionary Base Little CreekFort Story. The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin. A SEAL candidate performs aerobic stretches file photo. They were swimming. It was not dive training. Capt Pete Vasely Commander Naval Special Warfare Group TWO said This tragic loss is very unfortunate and our thoughts and our prayers are with the families friends and teammates during this difficult time. An investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Michael Vaughan has confirmed that he has held talks with the ECB over becoming Englands new supremo as the governing bodys new regime move closer to replacing Paul Downton. The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the threeman shortlist compiled by the ECB at Thursdays management board meeting ahead of Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart who have both registered their interest. Vaughan spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour and has worked closely in the past with chairmanelect Colin Graves at Yorkshire and looks set to be offered the job if he can reach agreement. We had a onehour conversation. I have not got a clue what the role is what the parameters are or what they are looking for. It was away from England stuff. Everything. But nothing has changed as far as Im concerned. SHOW US YOUR MEDALS Played 133 Tests more than any England cricketer. May demand a say in selection. PLAYERS HE LIKES A big fan of his former opening partner Alastair Cook who he insists will score plenty of Test runs this summer. Michael Vaughan Age 40 CURRENT JOB Broadcaster and columnist.
A restaurant customer in the Mexican border town of Tijuana was left horrified after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu. The authorities have closed a total of six Chinese restaurants in the local area since police raided the Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following a tipoff from the disgusted client. Scroll down for video . Pictured is a dead dog police recovered at the establishment . In total five arrests were made at Mr Yu Yu Chous restaurant including three workers of Chinese nationality . Boast The restaurant advertises the quality of its homestyle food but has had complaints from customers before about flies and cockroaches in their food . It contains footage of a hairstrewn alley where the dogs were seen being butchered a terrified dog chained to the wall and a forensics officer pulling a decapitated canine carcass  stiffened by rigor mortis  out of a kitchen waste bin.
She was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with Prince Harry. But now as her acting career looks set to take off Cressida Bonas says she is more than happy being single. Scroll down for videos . Mulberry buttercup dress delphinium broderie anglaise . A.B.S. Pictured Miss Bonas in Mulberrys short video .
A cakemaking prodigy is set to be the next Mary Berry as she prepares to publish her second cookbook. Her second all about entertaining is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher  with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef. AmyBeth most recently hosted a cupcakemaking class in Harrods London. Britains youngest published baker who counts Pixie Lott and Katherine Jenkins among her fans delighted a crowd with her recent demonstration. AmyBeth also has a regular column in OK! Amy picked up a particular knack for baking and continued to experiment until she soon took full control of the kitchen and the entertaining. I always preferred to make my own cakes as I knew exactly what was going in them they tasted nicer and they were and still are much appreciated. Amy designed and made a ponythemed cake for a teacher at age 12. Amys Baking Year features Amys selected easytofollow recipes themed around the four seasons . It was something that I was passionate about so really enjoyed spending my time focusing on it. The school I attend doesnt offer cookery as an A Level.
These two Australian dogs have got talent! A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs with their front paws up. Scroll down for video . Here we go! Dont forget about me! Soon Holly the border collie hops onto Aokis legs . The brief clip set to Les Toreadors from Carmen first shows a man identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki lying on the ground with 22monthold Ace on his lap. Aokis Instagram page and YouTube pages feature multiple videos of Ace and Holly doing tricks. Tada! Aoki runs the Waterloo Australiabased dog training company Positive Dog Care . Aoki told the website in January 2015 I only use positive reinforcement in the training that I do.
If Wigan Athletic are to be relegated from the Sky Bet Championship then their new manager Gary Caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming. Martyn Waghorn took that a little too literally against Millwall his red card for a senseless kick at Dan Harding punished by a Lions side determined to avoid a similar fate. When Waghorn who played for Millwall on loan from Leicester in 2013 lashed out after failing to win a corner on the hour it was set up for the hosts to claim three precious points. And they were duly delivered when Jimmy Abdou headed home Hardings cross with 15 minutes remaining sending a febrile Den into raptures. Millwall teammates rush to congratulate substitute Magaye Gueye after he scored their second goal . Substitutes not used Archer GK CowanHall Fuller TaylorFletcher . Scorers Abdou 75 Gueye 903 . Sent off Upson . Booked Bong BoKyung . Referee Stephen Martin Staffordshire In his six seasons at the club that was only Abdous seventh goal. Harris had described this match as a Cup Final and his players responded. Millwalls Aiden OBrien left competes with Emmerson Boyce of Wigan during the relegation sixpointer .
Ukip candidate Kim Rose pictured handing out sausage rolls today is being investigated by police over claims he tried to corruptly influence voters by giving them sausage rolls . Kim Rose who is running for Nigel Farages party in Southampton Itchen is being investigated by officers after laying out the snacks at an event which also featured snooker star Jimmy White. Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes  a criminal offence known as treating. Mr Rose a jeweller said he was oblivious until he was contacted by Hampshire Constabularys Economic Crime Unit. Laughing off the allegations he said Thank God they didnt find out about the Jaffa Cakes. We laid on teas coffees sandwiches and some sausage rolls. Its absolutely ridiculous. There seems all sorts of cases in politics of people behaving badly and doing things wrong abusing their positions. The former world number two and sixtime World Champion nicknamed The Whirlwind played pool with residents who were charged 2 to attend the event. No arrests have been made. Treating requires a corrupt intent  it does not apply to ordinary hospitality.
Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating ghosts in the laboratory by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected presence in the room. The spooky experiment which conjured up a ghostly illusion in the laboratory has proved once and for all that its only our mind playing tricks. The invisible creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixedup signals in the brain the researchers say. Scroll down for video . This confirms that it is caused by an altered perception of their own bodies in the brain said Professor Olaf Blanke of the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne EPFL in Switzerland . Behind them the robotic device reproduced their movements and touched them on the back. Most of the research predicts that we cannot tickle ourselves because our brain precisely predicts of one hand of my hand touching my body or touching one or another position. They counted up to four phantoms positioned where noone was standing . He hopes the research could lead to a similar robotic system that doesnt induce neurological symptoms but helps patients overcome such sensations.
The mother and daughter who survived a tragic car accident this week which saw three children die have been reunited. The crash on Wednesday killed fouryearold twins Madit and Anger pictured and their oneyearold brother Bol when the 4WD plunged into a lake . She knew me when I asked Do you know me? She said Yeah youre Daddy. My kids they were very good ... always they were happy. Im still believing shes innocent. We spent all night at hospital until 3 in the morning. The family with seven children moved from South Sudan to Australia in 2008 . Its believed the grey 2005 Toyota Kluger 4WD was travelling towards Pedder St and Minindee Road when the incident occurred. Victoria police said that the exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined .
A car salesman who was high on cocaine murdered a prostitute by stabbing her 44 times before raping two more women at his home while his partner enjoyed a Christmas night out. Steven Mathieson 38 stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his home Falkirk Stirlingshire last December. His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crimes. Mathieson who has previously been described as of impeccable character pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today and now faces life in prison. Love you. Mathieson then sent a text to his partner which said Sorry xx. The court heard how Ms Maurer had defensivetype injuries suggesting she had tried to fend off her killer. Miss Farquharson Both repeatedly stated their thanks and asked for help. They were crying and appeared to be terrified. Tell the officers I am not aggressive. Im sitting on the couch. I had two other girls but Ive let them go. Judge Lord Bannatyne deferred sentencing until May 7.
Four tries and a total of 30 points from goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato broke brave Bradfords hearts as Hull KR avoided a potential Ladbrokes Challenge Cup banana skin with a 5030 victory at the Odsal Stadium. Rovers twice came came from behind trailing 120 in the early stages to the Kingstone Press Championship heavyweights before easing clear with five tries in the final 18 minutes. Amid a pulsating and sometimes controversial cup tie the hosts ultimately had no answer to Italian international Mantellato whose last three tries came within the space of seven decisive minutes. It was only the East Yorkshire sides second cup tie success since reaching the quarterfinals in 2011 and their first Challenge Cup victory at Bradford since 1926 albeit only the third time the clubs had met in the competition since then. Ryan Shaw converted on his way to a tally of five goals. The Bulls struck again when OBrien and Etu Uaisele put Dale Ferguson over although Shaw got a fortuitous bounce off the upright in adding the extras this time. Three minutes later Lucas Walshaw crashed over after innovative work from Paul Clough Addy and Gaskell and Shaw edged Bradford back in front.
More than 10000 Australians and New Zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the Gallipoli peninsula as a formal ceremony begins to honour the diggers who fought and fell there a century ago. A vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott his New Zealand counterpart John Key Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance. Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago. For so many the rising sun that day would be their last. Scroll down for video . Many listened in silence during Mr Abbotts address. This is where the Anzac legend was born at great cost he said. Here we will remember them. Few of us can recall the detail but we have imbibed what matters most that a generation of young Australians rallied to serve our country when our country called and they were faithful even unto death he said.
The baggage handler who woke up from a nap inside the cargo hold of a flying plane did not realize until a piece of luggage fell on top of him. Today the unnamed Seattle Airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it hadnt been for the passengers bags. Can you hear me now? So I was scared and I didnt know what was going on. Hello Im trapped in this plane! he tells he operator. Youre where? Help! The man appeared to be well as he walked around the runway talking to airport employees . Alaska Airlines is investigating how the man managed to fall asleep before the LAbound flight took off . They just said we were fine and we werent in any danger. Passenger Troi Ge told the station Q13Fox that at one point a federal air marshal revealed himself and started banging back.
With luxury plane suites pushing the boundaries of lavish travel the upstairsdownstairsstyle divide between economy and suites is continually growing. And now Airbus is set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its Airbus A380 model squeezing yet more passengers onto each plane. From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed and a fourth class introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat. Scroll down for video . Tight squeeze! The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers Zodiac and Geven have agreed to deliver the seats . Some critics have gone as far as calling the new setup economy minus. Airbus Vice PresidentCabin Innovation and Design Ingo Wuggetzer said at the Aircraft Interiors Expo that more innovation should be going into economy cabins. Thats the equivalent of 40 per cent fuel burn reduction he explained. How the other half live! Rich fliers can enjoy private threeroom suite for a luxurious firstclass experience .
This felt a heavy blow for Derby County. Looking on course for a first victory in seven Championship games against the 10 men of Watford they conceded an equaliser to Odion Ighalo that further undermines their promotion ambitions. Adlene Guedioura seized on hesitant defending by Craig Forsyth with 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to his Watford teammate who poked the ball past Lee Grant to snatch an unlikely point. There was a seismic rally from the hosts who ended the game camped in Watfords box never mind half. The final act was Heurelho Gomes producing a fingertip save from Richard Keoghs header. Subs not used Roos GK Ward Albentosa Warnock . Booked Bryson 56 . Goals Bent 451 Ince 57 . Manager  Steve McClaren 6.5 . Sent off Motta 44 . Goal Vydra 23 . Referee  Kevin Friend 6.5 . Attendance 31748 . Enough to lift them back into the playoff places having fallen out earlier on Good Friday following positive results for those around them. But Slavisa Jokanovic adjusted his team cleverly and Watford found a way through. The former England strikers penalty levelled the score at 11 just before the halftime break .
Families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen Australians who are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in Nepal although information is starting to trickle through with the heartwarming news that Ballantyne Forder is safe. Around 549 Aussies are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region. Finally to her loved ones immense relief Ms Forder was able to make contact with her family on Sunday night AEST. Scroll down for video . Packed to the Rafters star Hugh Sheridan pictured with actor John Travolta left At least 18 climbers were killed after the quake which buried tents at the base camp but its not known whether any Australians were among the group . Please. His 20yearold brother from Adelaide was last contacted four days ago. She was due to return home to Australia on Wednesday. Ballantyne Forders family launched a desperate search to find her posting information across social media . People gathered beside damaged buildings after an earthquake in Kathmandu on Saturday . Television footage showed a huge swathe of houses had collapsed in while roads had been split in two by the force of the impact. A terrified Kathmandu resident said Everything started shaking.
Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury by signing a new oneyear contract extension. Poynton 25 missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died last April. The former England Under19 international had to undergo an ankle operation but he made his playing comeback during Derbyshires preseason tour of Abu Dhabi. Derbyshires elite performance director Graeme Welch said Tom has displayed exceptional character since the tragic events that ended his season last April. He has worked tirelessly both in training and in his offthefield role to prepare him for his return and everyone at the club is delighted to see him back on the field playing for Derbyshire. We hope the new contract will now give him the confidence to go out and express himself this summer.
A mother whose teenage daughter was tortured to death by her sadistic lover has spoken for the first time of her heartbreak. Margaret Bates from Mottram Tameside said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17yearold daughter KellyAnne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith. Mrs Bates who has two sons Andrew 39 and Paul 33 said I know I shouldnt say this but I wish Id killed him the first time I saw him. That way Kelly would still be alive. Over three barbaric weeks Smith burnt KellyAnne with an iron scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes. When she finally came home the following morning she claimed to have stayed over with a schoolfriend called Rachel. As well as babysitting she had a job on a market stall at weekends. Mrs Bates said In addition to worrying about KellyAnne our youngest son Paul was in hospital for weeks and I had a hernia operation too so our lives were thrown into chaos. But I was torn I didnt want to keep going round there because I thought it was making things worse.
Nick Clegg will today promise the highest education spending of any party with a 5billion flagship offer to undecided voters. At the launch of their manifesto today the Liberal Democrats will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament from cradle to college. Unlike Tory and Labour plans spending would rise per pupil  with an extra 460000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years  and also in line with inflation from 2018. Scroll down for video . His wife Miriam is pictured in Marple Greater Manchester yesterday . Our manifesto has one simple ambition and word at its heart opportunity he said last night. We are determined to make sure that every child in Britain has a world class education. By Jack Doyle Political Correspondent for the Daily Mail . Leader Natalie Bennett pledged to raise tens of billions in new taxes including a wealth tax a 60p higher rate of income tax and imposing VAT and fuel duty on aviation. Railways would be renationalised there would be a ban on fur imports and cages for rabbits and hens in farming would be outlawed.
A British tourist has drowned in a pool in a luxury villa in Spain just hours after arriving on holiday. Brian Nicol 32 dived into a swimming pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol where he was staying with friends but failed to resurface. His desperate friends dragged Mr Nicol who was born in Glasgow out of the water and tried to save him. Police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident took place around 8.30am on Easter Sunday morning but Mr Nicol had died. Officers said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident but they will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head or a digestion problems which meant he couldnt swim. An investigation into the death is now underway. It is a short drive from the millionaire playground paradise of Puerto Banus and boasts several highquality golf courses. Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan also owns a holiday home in the upmarket residential area sandwiched between the Mediterranean and Marbellas famous La Concha mountain.
Kingsholm transformed into the House of Fun on Saturday night as Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh. The Cherry and Whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the Twickenham Stoop  where they will compete for their first European title since 2006. Victory in the capital would also earn the West Country side a home playoff spot for next seasons Champions Cup  however they would be forced to find an alternative venue for the fixture because of a prearranged Madness concert in front of The Shed. Gloucester centre Bill Meakes celebrates after he scored the opening try for his side at Kingsholm . Gloucester lock Mariano Galarza wins a lineout as his pack look to set up another attack . It gives us the opportunity to take something meaningful from the season. But they were unable to capitalise on early territory drawing 33 after half an hour. Cherry and Whites flanker Sione Kalamafoni is tackled by Chiefs openside Kai Horstmann . Gloucester loosehead Nick Wood managed to get underneath AngloWelsh prop Tomas Francis who was so impressive against Northampton to establish scrum dominamce.
Ahead of the match at Citys Academy Stadium we tell you everything you need to know. HOW DID THE TEAMS GET THERE? City started their campaign with a 20 win over Oxford United in the third round just before Christmas with goals from Marcus Wood and Bersant Celina sealing a comfortable win. This time it was Abraham scoring a treble and Solanke adding two. Chelsea were to fall further behind in the second leg at Stamford Bridge but mounted an extraordinary fightback. WHAT ARE THEY SAYING? City coach Jason Wilcox Our job is to recruit local lads. Has scored three times during Citys Youth Cup run. England under 18 international. Very impressive all season especially on the continental stage.
Crystal Palace cochairman Steve Parish described a great moment as he basked in the glory of his clubs 21 win over champions Manchester City. After the game Parish posed for a picture at Selhurst Park with Palace manager Alan Pardew England boss Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman  one of the original members of The Rolling Stones and avid Palace fan. Parish posted the picture on Instagram writing Great moment for me  AP the England manager one of the original RollingStones bill_wyman. He can name virtually every player in that period despite having spent 30 of those years in The Rolling Stones. Bill Wyman is not only a charming man but also somebody with a genuine passion for the game and its traditions. Given Bills rockstar status Steve Parish overlooked his normally strict rule that you must wear a shirt and tie in the boardroom. Pardew used seven Englishmen including matchwinner Jason Puncheon while England No 1 Joe Hart and utility man James Milner both played for City. Jason Puncheon right celebrates his goal with fellow Englishman Wilfried Zaha .
Graphic images have emerged of a badly beaten transgender prisoner amid reports police pulverized her face forced her to strip and shaved her head. Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in Sao Paulo Brazil. The 25yearold had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73yearold neighbour. Warning graphic content . But an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody leaving her face unrecognisable. Pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online and have sparked outrage across Brazil. Outraged supporters of Veronica Bolina pictured have set up campaign groups on the internet demanding the right for LGBT people to be treated fairly . One supporter Susane Montalvo Sarabia said It is just sickening that in this day and age such things as this still happen. Whether she is innocent guilty transgender or straight doesnt matter. The NGO collated figures between 2009 and 2013 which showed police killed more than 11000 people.
CNNAll Elizabeth Sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home. But she couldnt. Why? Because according to her she has cancer. Thats what she said in a video posted to Facebook that shows her group packing up from their Alaska Airlines plane as it sat at the gate in Hawaii. Youre taking me off the airplane because I dont have a doctors note saying I can fly a woman is heard saying. Sedway did eventually get on a flight back to San Jose California although she didnt get home until late Tuesday night. ... While our employee had the customers wellbeing in mind the situation could have been handled differently. Still that doesnt mean it was the right decision. Because of this I will miss my chemotherapy my children will miss school and my husband will miss important meetings she said.
Shed gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for Xrays. These revealed that her spine was slightly curved a condition known as scoliosis. As she explains Id been doing a lot of gardening and noticed my lower back ached afterwards she says. Painkillers were of little help. Cases like Julies are why some experts feel that too often back pain is written off as something that is to be endured rather than investigated. If the pain is being caused by a nerve being compressed treatment may involve surgery. Much more rarely spinal tumours are malignant. Typically they occur in adults between ages 40 and 70 and often they are detected late  patients live on average just six years after diagnosis. In fact its simply the remains of a tail from an earlier stage in our evolution he says. Her coccyx was removed complete with the 2cm tumour inside it. I asked Mr Lee to tell me the results over the phone Julie recalls. brainandspine.org.uk .
A former primary school teacher has been charged with a string of sexual offences against children. Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire before becoming a lecturer at Basingstoke College of Technology. The 32yearold from Eastleigh has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children that include rape and sexual activity with a child. Cadland Primary School issued a news letter in which headteacher Mrs . Our investigation into the circumstances surrounding these incidents continues. Dennis will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court later this month. Police are appealing to the public for any information that may help inquiries . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
The U.S. Senate voted on . Thursday to approve Loretta Lynch as President Barack Obamas . next attorney general ending a fivemonth deadlock that made . Lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys . general combined. Lorettas confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe keep our nation secure and ensure that every American experiences justice under the law. Ten . Cruz tried to block Lynch from clearing a procedural hurdle earlier in the day giving an impassioned speech on the chamber floor urging his colleagues to oppose her nomination but was missing when the final tally was taken. The voting margin reflected many Republicans disapproval of . Before the vote Republican Senator Jeff Sessions an . enforcement position in America if that someone is publicly . fellow Harvard Law School graduate nominated her. Justice Department has said it will look into bringing civil . rights charges over the death of a Baltimore man who died after . sustaining a spinal cord injury while in police custody. U.S. attorney in Brooklyn New York most recently since 2010. For two years she also led .
Chris Gayle is not adverse to bowling spin so it perhaps unsurprising that the batsman has tried his hands to get something to turn again  albeit if not on a cricket pitch. The 35yearold is currently in India ahead of this years IPL tournament which starts on Wednesday. And it appears the destructive batsman is enjoying himself before attempting to help Royal Challengers Bangalore be crowned IPL champions for the first time in their history. Gayle pictured in 2012 will be hoping to win Royal Challengers Bangalores firstever IPL crown this year . Accompanied with the caption Current situation... Believe me Im on the work again... USL RCB Gayle posted a picture via his Instagram account on Tuesday of himself behind some DJ decks. Last month the West Indies opener posted Im not leaving alongside an Instagram video of himself singing along with an amused singer in Sydney after rejecting speculation that he will quit international cricket. Possessing a potent batting order that includes Gayle AB de Villers and Virat Kohli  the 1.17million purchase of Dinesh Karthik in addition could see them finally shake off their underachievers tag.
Authorities in Texas have banned a seeminglyinnocent personalized number plate after three years attached to a swish Lamborghini. Now its Houston owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate 370H55V  after the Texan Department for Motor Vehicles saw it spelled AHOLE upsidedown. The personalized license plate which the Texan Department for Motor Vehicles deemed was offensive Cheeky The real license plate on the left hand side  but look what it reads when it is turned upside down . Mr Hassan told TV news programme KPRCTV that he disagreed with the judgement. I think that the state is overreaching their boundaries he said adding he plans to appeal the decision. State departments across the USA have the ability to ban slang or rude words appearing on cars in their region . One driver thought they were so bada they would tell the world  by applying for this irreverent license plate . Those banned include I heart BOOBS BAD AX and JLOBUT  presumably a reference to singer and actress Jennifer Lopezs ample behind.
A group of daring drift trike riders have captured some amaznig footage as they zipped down the worlds steepest residential road on tricycles. Harley Jolly Tyson Barr and Nic Roy  known collectively as Slide Christchurch  videoed themselves descending New Zealands Dunedins Baldwin Street on threewheeled vehicles known as slide trikes. The short clip opens with a warning message before the riders take their position at the top of the hill famed for its 35 per cent gradient. Point of view footage captures the lead rider reaching extreme speeds while descending the hill . The camera angle switches to that of a spectator and picks up all three men making a rapid descent . Writing on Facebook Jolly stated that he estimates the group managed to get over the 100km 60mph mark. The group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom .
Quiz question. Stand up and take a bow anyone who came up with Benik Afobe who was one of Arsenals own before they loaned him to MK Dons and sold him to Wolves. Afobe is young electricpaced and on 28 goals this season  one behind manofthemoment Harry Kane of Tottenham and England. Sako doubled Wolves advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forests Henri Lansbury . Subs not used Fox Vaughan Hobbs Evtimov . Goal Blackstock 904 . Booked Gardner Lascelles . Ref Andy DUrso 6 . What a bargain for 2million too. He has a goalscoring knack beautifully illustrated 30 seconds into the second half when he collected the ball round the centre circle and started running. Backtracking Forest defenders held off and held off until boom Afobe took a potshot and Karl Darlow retrieved the ball which had just avoided his finger tips. They are building up a head of steam as the Skybet Championship enters the final weeks with one defeat in nine. Danny Batth left tackles Akpom during their Good Friday encounter at the City ground . Michail Antonio might have scored in the opening minutes although it would have been a fluke.
A 13yearold girl has been gunned down by ISIS snipers in the Syrian capital of Damascus as she tried to flee a militantheld area of the city according to reports. The teenager identified as Zeynab Daghastani was shot and killed as she made her way through the southern streets of the AlYarmouk Camp towards the nearby neighbourhood of Yalda. Zeynab was shot dead on the evening of April 7 last week according to a worker at the Jafra Foundation an aid organisation working in the area. Nina told the publication that she had got the information from Aknaf Bait alMaqdis a Palestinian rebel group who are trying to recapture Yarmouk from ISIS. The district was soon surrounded and food water and electricity supplies were all cut off with around 18000 residents still trapped inside. Since then thousands more have fled while many who remained have been killed . When he woke up he walked outside his home and found the gruesome scene taking place. Abdel Fatah 55 said I saw severed heads. We were terrorised. I can tell you their reputation is welldeserved.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews has failed to name the leader of terrorist organisation the Islamic State on the same day the Federal Government announced they would be sending more than 300 Australian troops to Iraq. Australian soldiers are embarking on a twoyear mission in Iraq but will be spending it behind the wire not engaging in combat Mr Andrews said. But during an embarrassing interview on the ABCs 7.30 program the Mr Andrews declined to reveal the brutal regimes leader. Scroll down for video . Sales asked. Mr Andrews replied Im not going to go into operational matters. did not just have one leader because it was made of many groups and there was not just one individual involved. All the training will take place there he told ABC television. This is a stark contrast with deployments over the past decade when troops conducted sweeping patrols across southern Iraq occasionally contacting insurgent forces.
Eager customers have waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes including 21inch TVs at the opening of a new Aldi store. The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the store in Avlaston Derbyshire was officially opened at 8am this morning. More than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut. Ivy and Brian Bacon came all the way from Basford in Nottingham and queued from 10pm last night to get their hands on a 21.5inch television. She said Its brilliant absolutely. It doesnt feel real we never win anything. Former Derby County player Craig Ramage who commentates on his former teams games for BBC Radio Derby cut the ribbon at the event. Built on an area of overgrown land next to a petrol station the store will create 29 jobs  12 fulltime and 17 parttime  and will have a car park.
Thailands Kiradech Aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to claim his second European Tour title and break Chinese hearts in the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday. Teenager Li Haotong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil the 19yearold emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par. That left overnight leader Aphibarnrat two shots behind with two holes to play only for the 25yearold to hole from 18 feet for an eagle on the 17th and then miss from 12 feet for what would have been a winning birdie on the last. I had a chance to win in 72 holes but the putt in the playoff is the best putt I have ever made in my life. Aphibarnrat cant hold back his emotions celebrating on the 18th green with his Mother . Its been such a tough day today Aphibarnrat added. I didnt start well like the other days with three or four birdies I was one over on the front nine and Pablo was playing great to start. He put a lot of pressure on me.
Harry Kane hailed an unforgettable week after taking his England bow and becoming the youngest captain in the Premier League this season  but he will want to erase the memory of Tottenhams goalless draw at Burnley. Kane 21 was chosen as Spurs captain after a week which has also seen him score on his England debut and make his first start for the national team. It was a frustrating end to the week for Kane however as Spurs struggled to make an impact against a hardworking Burnley side who earned a precious point in their battle to avoid relegation. It has been an unbelievable couple of weeks and one I wont forget for the rest of my career. Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino admitted a topfour place may be beyond his side as they are seven points off fourthplaced Manchester City  who play Crystal Palace on Monday night  with a vastly inferior goal difference. It is true that it is not easy. We kept the tempo high and kept pressing high. Sean Dyche believed Burnley might have taken all three points from the match .
A leading hospital has slashed cases of a deadly infection that can kill newborn babies  by defying national guidelines to offer all pregnant women a simple screening test. Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep known as GBS. This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year. One in ten will die. Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be at risk. Scroll down for video . Belinda Bowman 37 lost her daughter Lily after she contracted GBS during labour and developed meningitis and septicaemia. She was just three days old . The Crystal Smooth AntiCellulite leggings are made from a fibre woven with bioactive crystals which absorb body heat to stimulate blood flow and lymphatic drainage. It would cost the NHS approximately 11 per patient. Bond girl Naomies on a fitness mission . The star 38 pictured with 007 Daniel Craig at the Skyfall premiere in Rome tried out the Essentrics class at Champneys health spa near Tring in Hertfordshire .
Were suckers for athletes who play with a lot of heart. In Erik Comptons case make that plural hearts. Hell tee off this week at the Masters on his third. The 35yearold veteran would rather be known for his golf than what hes had to overcome to earn a spot in the field. But Compton isnt shy about sharing his story either. A first heart transplant at 12 then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack  what doctors call a widowmaker  while driving home from a lesson with longtime coach and close pal Charlie DeLucca. Theres two sides to me. So when you put them together it does make a little bit of spaghetti in my mind sometimes you know. Ill take it he added a moment later. Its not like Compton had a choice. After walking most his sons practice round Peter Compton recalled how motivated Erik was no matter how tough things seemed. ... He could have sat back said hed been dealt a bad hand and did nothing. But I dont look at myself as somebody who is a role model ...
Tom Hanks wife Rita Wilson has revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. The 58yearold actress who took a leave of absence from Broadway play Fish in the Dark earlier this month shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week. Scroll down for video . I am recovering and most importantly expected to make a full recovery. Early diagnosis is key. Not just by another doctor but by another pathologist she added. Im doing well and getting stronger every day. Following her announcement famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress. Sending all my love to the brave and beautiful RitaWilson Josh Groban tweeted. Thankful CNN host Christiane Amanpour noted how Wilsons statement will help future families . Mammograms are encouraged yearly when a woman turns 40s or earlier if they have a family history of breast cancer.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station and packing 38000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover. However they struggled to fit their large loot into the boot and lost about a third of it as they dragged the stash alongside the car during their getaway. The group of men all wearing hooded jumpers gloves and masking their faces broke into the service station on Burwood Highway Tecoma in Melbournes outer east on April 2. Scroll down for video . They are all wanted by Victoria Police for a series of breakins on at least five different establishments in the area. Police revealed that the first man had a solid build and was wearing a white hooded jumper with a dark hood over the top red pants and runners. Not long after the breakin three men appear with an overflowing doona cover filled to the brim with cigarettes. Investigators believe the same men returned to the same store on 31 March but couldnt gain access.
Broadcaster Stephen A. Smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence on ESPNs First Take. Nine months after Smith received a oneweek suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence Smith tried to to claim that boxer Floyd Mayweather Jrs career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history. In the discussion he told fellow anchor Cari Champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and should feel that way. Scroll down for video . Responding to a Good vs. Evil approach Manny Pacquiaos trainer Freddie Roach is taking prior to the boxers upcoming fight against Mayweather Smith questioned how Mayweather is being portrayed in the media. I have no issue whatsoever. I am a boxing fan. And thats all Im doing. And when you feed into it by grasping what he says its almost like What kind of a person are you!
Italian Glamour The Essence of Italian Fashion From the Postwar Years to the Present Day captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images. Model Joan Olsen left shows off bold linear prints in an outfit by haute couture designerartist Livio de Simone in 1954. Coauthor Enrico says that Italian glamour is not sophisticated or artificial The book was compiled by Enrico Quinto and Paolo Tinarelli  the two men who were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in Italy . The volume has been compiled by Enrico Quinto 51 and Paolo Tinarelli 49. Fifties cover girl Ivy Nicholson wears Emilio Pucci in Capri 1953. The book talks about how the start of many Italian fashion powerhouses started out with a real focus on craftsmanship . Creative directors such as Emilio Frederico Schuberth began to create structurally innovative creations. From that moment on styles quickly progressed. Renowned Italian designer Roberto Carpuccis structural designs featured in Vogue Italia in 1982 . Its an accessible beauty  simple and natural.
A Pennsylvania couple have been killed after their 1923 Model T Ford convertible skidded off the roadway and flipped over. Ralph Cramer 70 and his wife Lynn 59 were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash. It was not immediately known who was driving or if the couple had worn seat belts. Stauffer says theres evidence the vehicle started to skid at a slight left turn then went off the road and hit an embankment near a barn. There are no indicators of what caused the accident yet said Stauffer. The investigation continues and Manheim police are asking anyone with information to come forward.
Like the old saying goes if it seems too good to be true it probably is. A Melbourne based couple learnt this the hard way after a crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over 2 billion. Within an hour the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin had vanished and they still havent been able to track down the wouldbe benefactor. Scroll down for video . My initial reaction was shock and disbelief Euan Ritchie told Daily Mail Australia. I was very sceptical but a big part of me wanted to believe it was real. The couple decided to make the page after Indigenous tribes from the Northern Territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate. In the last 200 years Australia has lost over 10 of its native mammals the highest loss of native mammals of any country in the world over that period. We still have no idea who would pull this prank on us. They even claimed the maximum prize a 2000 wildlife spotting day in cairns.
A 12yearold boy has set a world record after discovering the largest European wasp nest on a property Down Under. Jordan Waddingham scoured through bushland at Karoola north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps after his mother Stephanie offered him 20 to locate the nest. Within minutes the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic twoyearold nest near a creek bank after following a trail of wasps. Scroll down for video . I followed the wasps back to their nest after theyd gone and collected wood from our sheds young Jordan told Seven News. A oneyearold nest is the size of a soccer ball but this nest takes up the best part of a cubic metre he said. Normally European wasp nests dont survive through winter but last years mild dry winter allowed it to survive into its second year. Young Jordans discovery is currently on display at the Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery in Launceston .
Nicola Sturgeon today warned Ed Miliband that time is running out on her offer to help lock the Tories out of power. The SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10 even if David Camerons Conservatives win more seats. Ms Sturgeon was today swamped with requests for selfies in the wake of her triumph in last weeks live TV debate as polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority on May 7. Scroll down for video . Addressing supporters in Livingston Ms Sturgeon insisted the SNP is not seeking any UK ministerial posts. Thus far Labour hasnt given that commitment. Are they planning to reverse welfare changes since 2010? SNP voters will believe theyve been led up the garden path. Only Liberal Democrats have set out costed and credible plans to balance the books by 2018 building a stronger economy and a fairer society.
A Pole with convictions for violence was on his way to Britain from Calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her it emerged today. Zbigniew Huminski 38 has confessed to strangling his nineyearold victim identified by her first name of Chloe yesterday afternoon in France while drunk. She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminskis car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK. Scroll down for video . DNA evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed strangulation and sexual violence said Mr Valensi. Ive begun to understand I will never see Chloe again Isabelle told Le Parisien. Its tough. Very hard. Natacha Bouchart the Calais mayor said I was informed at 4.30pm that a young girl was abducted by a man in a red car as she left school in the Chateaubriand area of Calais at around 3.30pm. During the same patrol they found the person who owned the vehicle apparently a Polish national. My son knew her he didnt sleep last night. I cant even imagine what the parents are going through.
Ahead of this weekends Premier League action Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture with team news provisional squads betting odds and Opta stats. West Brom . Ben Foster is a longterm absentee with a knee injury while Callum McManaman is not yet fit despite closing in on a comeback after a foot problem. Provisional squad Myhill Rose Gamboa Pocognoli Wisdom Lescott Dawson Olsson McAuley Baird Brunt Morrison Fletcher Yacob Gardner Sessegnon Berahino Anichebe Ideye. Leicester . Boss Nigel Pearson has no further injury worries as his rock bottom side continue to fight for Barclays Premier League survival. Provisional squad Schmeichel Schwarzer Hamer Simpson Moore Upson Wasilewski Morgan Huth De Laet Konchesky King Hammond Knockaert Albrighton Schlupp Cambiasso James Mahrez Nugent Kramaric Vardy Ulloa. Kickoff Saturday 3pm . Draw 2310 . Referee Martin Atkinson . There has been an own goal scored in each of the last two competitive meetings between the Baggies and the Foxes. Tony Pulis has not lost three successive Premier League games since April 2013 when he was at Stoke. Leicester have allowed their opponents more clear cut chances than any other team this season 67.
A new study has shown women still have an increased risk of breast cancer years after stopping taking hormone replacement therapy . Hormone replacement therapy increases a womans risk of breast cancer up to eight years after she has stopped treatment scientists have warned. The new findings come from experts who conducted one of the worlds largest studies into the effects of HRT  used to ease the effects of menopause. And researchers found if women use HRT for more than 10 years their risks are even higher. It triggers menopausal symptoms including hot flashes and mood swings. There are three types oestrogenonly HRT cyclical HRT  where oestrogen is taken continuously but progesterone is given either monthly or every three months  and continuous combined HRT where both female sex hormones are taken at the same time. To examine whether that was the case the Womens Health Initiative in the US was tasked with investigating. However despite the findings Dr Chlebowski urged caution. Its different for each woman.
Manchester United are to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire. Central defender Tingey 18 became a hit on YouTube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard freekick against Swindon in a 53 win for MK Dons Under18s. Wiltshire also 18 is a lively centre midfielder who was included in Karl Robinsons firstteam squad for friendlies last preseason. Kyran Wiltshire is pictured in action for MK Dons in their preseason friendly against a Tottenham XI in 2013 . Their U18 side have been crowned Youth Alliance South Cup champions for this season and face Oldham in the national final on Monday April 27. United are looking to bring in some talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next seasons UEFA U19 Youth League competition. Tingey and Wiltshire are expected to spend a few days at Carrington as coaches assess whether they can prove useful additions to Uniteds squad.
Fox News anchor Chris Wallace has issued an apology after fat shaming Kelly Clarkson in a radio interview saying that he should have spoken of the singers remarkable talent not her weight. During the interview with conservative talk show host Mike Gallagher the 67yearold was asked Have you seen Kelly Clarkson? You know the singer Kelly Clarkson? Holy cow did she blow up. Within minutes Wallaces response had sparked outrage online. They have a ninemonthold girl River. This guy snickering about her weight is obnoxious. He should apologize Van Susteren wrote. Meanwhile Twitter users condemned Wallace for his disgusting remarks. And I wasnt big but people would call me big. Like get in line. Happy and successful Kellys new album Piece By Piece debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 Chart making it her third number one album . We are who we are. Whatever size the 32yearold said. She added Im such a creative person that I yoyo.
Unexpected Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year . Our glorious spring has accelerated the growing season  and supermarket shelves are already bursting with English summer fruit and veg. Usually at this time of year we would still be eating vegetables imported from Spain and South America. But thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until August English tomatoes and asparagus are already on the shelves weeks ahead of usual. It is stocking large Jack Hawkins aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums all grown in greenhouses across England. Morrisons meanwhile yesterday predicted Britain would have best crop of asparagus for nearly a decade. The mercury is set to hit 21C 70F as the Queen celebrates her 89th birthday today Tuesday  making it hotter than Ibiza Athens and Barcelona. But he added By Thursday a lot more cloud will be around in general and there will be light rain over Scotland.
Millions across the globe cram around TV screens to catch a glimpse of the fixture and its appeal gets ever greater with each passing season. Sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants. Sergio Aguero and Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face United on Sunday afternoon . Owners . documentary on YouTube as he went through manager after manager after manager. Avram left and Joel Glazer have proved divisive figures at United since their family bought the club . Is there a more popular owner in football? Managers . Van Gaal has taken a lot of local knowledge from Ryan Giggs. However when this reporter once asked him if he had been anywhere nice during his time off the answer of York was not what was expected. Coaches . Fiery Argentinian Ruben Cousillas splits responsibilities with Kidd while goalkeeping coach Xabier Mancisidor and Jose Cabello both Spaniards complete the Latin look. Players . Fans . Interest in the derby will be spread all over the world. Some of the tourists may even buy them. Nonsense.
A federal judge has approved a plan to resolve concussion lawsuits brought by more than 5000 former players that could cost the league 1billion over 65 years. The deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field. The NFL expects 6000 of nearly 20000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimers disease or moderate dementia someday. Senior US District Judge Anita Brody left approved the deal on Wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out. Former Philadelphia Eagles fullback Kevin Turner right suffers from Lou Gehrigs disease and led the lawsuit against the NFL . The settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to 5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma. Critics contend the NFL is getting off lightly given annual revenues of about 10billion. An autopsy showed he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy or CTE . I know people talk about its dangerous and mothers wont let their sons play football. I dont see that at all Brandt said. Negotiators quickly agreed to her suggestions.
Afghanistans first female pilot to serve in the air force since the fall of the Taliban has been honoured with the U.S Secretary of States International Women of Courage Award. Captain Rahmani and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of States International Women of Courage Award 2015 at a ceremony last week. Scroll down for video . She enlisted in the Afghan Air Force Officer Training Program in 2010 and in July 2012 graduated as a Second Lieutenant. It was not easy finishing flight school it was very hard but someone had to accept the risk so that other women can do what they dream. While she and her family have received death threats Captain Rahmani says its her responsibility to be an example to the young girls after her . Bangladesh  Nadia Sharmeen Journalist . Burma  May Sabe Phyu Director Gender Equality Network . Central African Republic  Beatrice Epaye President Fondation Voix du Coeur . Guinea  Marie Claire Tchecola Emergency Room Nurse Donka Hospital . Japan  Sayaka Osakabe Founder and Representative Matahara Net . Kosovo  Arbana Xharra EditorinChief Zeri . Pakistan  Tabassum Adnan Kwendo Jirga Sisters Council Swa .
CNNThe bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends had nothing to do is now a convicted murderer. Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of firstdegree murder Friday for his role in the August 2013 driveby shooting of Christopher Lane a 23yearold college student in Duncan about 80 miles south of Oklahoma City. Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting. Lane an Australian attending East Central University was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by Luna. Hell be formally sentenced in June. Prosecutors dropped firstdegree murder charges filed against the third suspect then only 15 after he agreed to testify against Luna and Jones according to CNN affiliate KSWO. Duncan police Chief Danny Ford told Australian radio station 3AW that when police arrested the teens Jones offered a motive that made clear that Lane a baseball player on scholarship was chosen at random. We were bored and didnt have anything to do so we decided to kill somebody. CNNs Greg Botelho contributed to this report .
Eintracht Frankfurt forward Alexander Meier the Bundesligas leading goalscorer is out for the season with a knee injury. The club says Meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday. He had scored 19 leage goals this season before his injury but might now miss out on the Golden Boot award . 1. Arjen Robben Bayern Munich 17 3. Bas Dost Wolfsburg 13 4. Franco di Santo Werder Bremen 12 5. The Poland striker topped last seasons scoring list with 20 goals while still playing for previous club Borussia Dortmund. Bayerns Robert Lewandowski could be in a great position to win the Bundesliga Golden Boot once again .
The Irish challenge for next weeks 1million Crabbies Grand National looks like being eight strong after trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light a definite runner. The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintreestyle fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch. Rubi Light had the option of running Fridays shorter Topham Chase but Hennessy said He is going to run. There is only one National. The Irish challenge also includes Jim Cullotys Lord Windermere Robbie McNamara and Spring Heeled Nick Scholfield Willie Mullinstrained Ballycasey Ruby Walsh Mouse Morriss First Lieutenant Nina Carberry and Gordon Elliotts Cause Of Causes Paul Carberry. On Saturday Maurice Phelan confirmed Portrait King Davy Condon an intended starter while Peter Fahey said Owega Star Robert Power also runs. Ruby Walsh riding Mon Parrain clear the last to win Handicap Steeple Chase at Sandown . I also have something that Sean could ride on Monday and we will try to get him the winner he needs but if it doesnt happen it doesnt happen. He rides East India 9st 6lb and Hans Holbein 9st 5lb for his father Aidan.
CNNHockey player Jarret Stoll of the L.A. Kings was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort on a drugpossession charge CNN affiliate KSNV reported citing a police spokesman. Stoll 32 was charged with possession of controlled substances including cocaine and ecstasy according to KSNV. He was released from the Clark County Detention Center late Friday on 5000 bail. Our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation. While we continue to actively gather facts we are withholding further comment at this time. The Kings who won the Stanley Cup two of the past three seasons did not make the NHL playoffs this season. He is reportedly involved with TV personality Erin Andrews who is a Fox Sports reporter and cohosts Dancing with the Stars.
Students parents and staff at a Melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year. In a letter sent to all parents during the school holidays the principal of St Peters College in Cranbourne East Tim Hogan admitted that Class A recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain. The bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months from December 17 2013 until April 1 2015. Whilst drinking the water the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea due to the possible presence of a parasite Cryptosporidium. An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students. If anyone is suffering from a gastrointestinal illness and experiencing symptoms such as vomiting diarrhoea and abdominal pain they should seek advice from their GP Mr Hogan advised.
Steve Bruce is adamant he can keep Hull City in the Barclays Premier League after a 20 defeat by Southampton left them battling to stay up. At the start of the campaign Bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive but despite a strong start his Hull side have mustered just six and he is hoping nine or eight might be enough. Hull were the better side against Southampton for the first 45 minutes but a James WardProwse penalty and late strike from Graziano Pelle meant they left with nothing. They now have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against Liverpool Arsenal Tottenham and Manchester United. If we keep remaining positive Im convinced we can take a couple of results which will take us over the line. Ive always had something in my water that this season would be the most difficult because all of a sudden youve created an expectation and unfortunately we havent been able to live up to that expectation. At St Marys Stadium Mohamed Diame returned from five months out and James Chester from three. Weve battled on manfully but not quite been good enough.
A 69yearold mentally impaired man from Connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wifes grandmother. Last month a court ruled Richard Lapointe a former dishwasher was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday a judge ordered him to be freed on 25000 cash bail. The former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.In lieu of his prison jumpsuit . Lapointe opted for a dark Tshirt over a dress shirt emblazoned with the words I didnt do it. He later described his release as wonderful and during a press conference he said hed always dreamed of going home. Lapointe confessed to raping strangling and stabbing 88yearold Bernice Martin at her Manchester apartment in 1989 and was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole. The judge rejected a request by prosecutors that Lapointe wear an electronic monitoring bracelet. Defense attorneys say their client cannot drive and is barely able to walk therefore he does not pose a flight risk.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army. But it was Tony Abbotts response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. It took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call Ms McGregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. I actually said to him your party wont be thrilled about this she said the ABC reports. Scroll down for video . Ms McGregor had put off discussing her gender dysmorphia with her longtime pal  a Catholic conservative who openly opposes samesex marriage  and in hindsight grossly underestimated his capacity for friendship. There is a kind of a firefighter buried inside the politician still and he tends to barge into burning buildings if his friends are in there. The senior officer addressed the National Press Club on Wednesday as part of a women in media series . At times she became tearful. Theres no denying it he has been vilified and become a hate figure to some extent.
CNNTwenty years ago on April 19 1995 Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. The attacks aftermath saw a storm of media coverage with themes such as attack on the heartland and Americas lost innocence. It wasnt simply the scale of the tragedy that drew attention but the fact that the bombing exposed something new American citizens targeting their own government with a deadliness hitherto unseen. The public became aware of the true danger of the extreme right. Reports connected McVeigh and his accomplice Terry Nichols to antigovernment ideology movements such as the militia movement as well as to white supremacist causes. Law enforcement also played catchup. In late 1992 at Ruby Ridge Idaho a standoff between U.S. After Oklahoma City everything changed. The FBI shifted its priorities hiring new agents and reassigning staff to work on domestic terrorism cases. The effort actually paid off. This is a lesson that Americans must now recall and recover. It too represents a serious threat. These statistics illustrate that homegrown violent extremism is not limited to extremism motivated by radical Islam.
The story of Rapunzel the girl trapped in a tower who is rescued by a prince climbing up her long locks has captivated little wouldbe princesses the world over for centuries. As hair extensions soar in popularity on the red carpet the number of middleaged women with very long natural hair is on the rise according to beauty experts. Fiona Steane 50 pictured wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused and shes had it long ever since then and gets it trimmed twice a year .
The Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997. By scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection researchers discovered arousing words affected parts associated with emotion . These properties are normally used for words in isolation which can be categorised as negative neutral and positive. Study screened seven Harry Potter novels. Emma Watson left as Hermione Granger and Daniel Radcliffe are shown in Prisoner of Azkaban . The researchers said this was due to the contrast between the low arousal of silence and the high arousal of chill which led to the overall lexical arousal of the whole sentence to be moderate. Meanwhile the passage Ginny glanced round grinning winked at Harry then quickly faced the front again. And the sentence from the HalfBlood Prince You disgusting little Squib you filthy little blood traitor!
A mentally disabled Colorado man was sentenced to 100 years in prison Friday for the murder of a Montana teacher whose death highlighted the downsides of an oil boom thats sweeping across the remote Northern Plains bringing thousands of newcomers to the area. Michael Keith Spell 25 of Parachute Colorado was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney. Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold 43 after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012. Arnolds body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston North Dakota. Codefendant Lester Van Waters Jr. was sentenced in December to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability. Spells attorneys alleged Waters threatened to kill Spell with a utility razor unless he went along with the kidnapping plan. He and Spell rightin 2012 were under the influence of crack cocaine when they kidnapped and murder Mrs Arnold . Defense attorneys Al Avignone and Lisa Banick said Fridays judgment will be appealed based on their continued belief that he was not fit for trial.
Eight San Francisco police officers accused of sending racist and homophobic text messages have been suspended and the police chief is recommending that the veteran employees be sacked. Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers . He called the texts despicable and says those who sent them clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer. The messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger who was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 41 months in prison. All ns must fg hang and Ns must be spayed were among the texts uncovered. Its not against the law to put an animal down an officer said referring to a black man in Furmingers house. Sean Doherty an 11year veteran and Rain Daugherty a 15yearofficer are also facing termination. Robison Schwab and Celis have reportedly already resigned. Do you think we want your AIDSinfected pee on our streets? Fox allegedly said.
As the Champions League starters took a break it was business as usual for the rest of the Real Madrid squad on Wednesday as they returned to training a day after the last eight clash with rivals Atletico. There was no sign of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez  all of who played 90 minutes in the 00 draw at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday  as the fringe players took part in a session at the Valdebebas complex. Isco and Alvaro Arbeloa secondhalf substitutes during the first leg against Atletico were present alongside regular first team players Pepe and Sami Khedira who were on the bench on Tuesday. Real will then face Atletico in next Wednesdays second leg  the eighth time the rivals have clashed this season with Carlo Ancelottis side still chasing their first win against their neighbours. It is not such a good a result Ancelotti said after the match. We have to try and repeat that at our stadium. Meanwhile defender Dani Carvjal was forced to deny attempting to bite Atletico striker Mario Mandzukic during a heated derby.
A widower was miraculously reunited with his dog on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday. Sadly owner Clem Schultzs beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast. Schultz thought his dog Missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after Missy was spotted by a ConEd worker police called Schultz and reported the sighting. Scroll down for video . I want to thank everyone that shared the posts about Missy. We are all happy she is home! Fox reports that the storm destroyed homes and took two lives. I said why? The propane was hissing and they wanted to get me out of there before something blew up. I had to leave her behind but I knew there wasnt anything I could do for her. Geri and Jacklyn Klosa 69 were close friends who were nearly inseparable Schultz said.
A few years ago Gemma Collins was selling secondhand cars in Romford but it appears her real knack is for designing clothes. The 34yearold star of The Only Way Is Essex has launched her updated fashion range for plussize retailer Evans. She showcased the collection this evening at one of the high street chains flagship stores in Manchester. Scroll down for video . Gemma who has expanded her popular range with seven new curveflattering tops and dresses looked like a breath of fresh spring air in a floral number from her collection. She said I heard a saying once Im an hourglass just with more sand and I love that. I think that sums me up as I have curves and love my shape. If you feel great youll look good. Kimono 39 . Dress 40 . Gemma tells FEMAIL. Swing Top 35 . Ive been training eating better and doing 3D Lipo as well. I wouldnt want to get smaller than a size 16. Sunning myself on a beach with a cocktail and surrounded by attractive tanned men. Where else babe?
A driver who killed a Good Samaritan on the M1 has been spared a prison sentence after admitting causing his death by careless driving. Retired policeman Spencer Bell 71 had bravely ventured on to the motorway near Watford Hertfordshire after a man fell from a bridge in January last year. But as he tended the victim  Alan Tretheway 67  Mr Bell was struck by a Toyota driven by motherofthree Iram Shahzad. A court was told she had tried to avoid a queue of traffic that had built up by veering into the outside lane at up to 88mph. Last week Mrs Shahzad 32 pleaded guilty at St Albans Crown Court to causing Mr Bells death. She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment suspended for two years and banned from driving for 18 months.
There was no glorious Team Sky sendoff for Sir Bradley Wiggins despite a terrific effort from the Briton in the ParisRoubaix. The 2012 Tour de France winner is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad Wiggins before a return to the track ahead of the Rio Olympics and wanted to sign off from what he called a golden era with a win in one of the sports most prestigious races. But it was not to be as Germanys John Degenkolb produced the perfect race to cross the line first at the end of a gruelling 151mile trek which took in 27 tortuous cobbled spells. Some of the field slipped across despite the safety barriers being down while others were held at the gate before being able to resume. Degenkolb celebrates his win alongside Zdenek Stybar left and Greg van Avermaet right Wiggins led a breakaway with 32 kilometres remaining but was unable to maintain his lead to win . Amongst the early frontrunners he was unseated when he ran into a curb while he also suffered injuries on the way which eventually reduced him to a participant.
Jose Mourinho might have called it poetic justice as Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of halftime to deliver a major blow to Burnleys prospects of staying in the Premier League. All that would be called karma in Mourinhos book. The Chelsea manager condemned the Burnley forward for a criminal challenge on Nemanja Matic at Stamford Bridge in February when he escaped unpunished and Matic was sent off for retaliation. Goal Mirallas 29 Booked Mirallas . Unused subs Gilks Gk Taylor Ward Kightly . Referee Mike Jones 6.5 . Attendance 39496 . Man of the match Aaron Lennon Everton CLICK HERE to see all the stats including Ross barkleys hat map above from Sportsmails brilliant Match Zone service . High late. Ive no clue why it wasnt a red card. We dont. Predictably Everton boss Roberto Martinez had an opposite viewpoint. It was wellcontrolled he added before slightly contradicting himself. England international Barkley places the ball on the penalty spot despite Leighton Baines being available . They face Leicester next weekend and its a mustwin . Barnsley striker Barnes left is given his marching orders for a second bookable offence .
Inter Milan are prepared to offer Yaya Toure a fiveyear contract to lure him away from Manchester City this summer. Despite the fact Toure turns 32 next month Roberto Mancini is so desperate to sign the powerful midfielder that hes ready to give the Ivory Coast midfielder a deal that will see him play beyond his 37th birthday. Mancini who signed Toure for Manchester City in 2010 is working hard behind the scenes to bring Toure to Serie A next season. Toure pictured with Vincent Kompany will be offered a new deal by Manchester City in the summer . The Italian believes Toure has the capacity to dominate games in Serie A well into his mid30s like Juventus midfielder Andrea Pirlo has. The midfielders representatives are fully aware of Inters interest and are keeping their options open going into the summer. Toure walks off the Selhurst Park pitch following his sides Premier League defeat at Selhurst Park .
It is a skill employed by standup comedians politicians and market traders alike  an effortless way with words that can persuade cajole and tease. Now scientists believe they have found evidence of what may lie behind the gift of the gab. Brain scans on a group of professional comedians has revealed differences in the way the brains of these super speakers work while talking. The ultimate wheeler dealer Del Boys gift of the gab came from a difference in the way his brain worked . Stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic. They were compared against a control group of students who according to Dr Devlin were far less adept at the task. We asked them to speak about a perfect cup of tea topics that shouldve been easy for everyone. Theres been almost no interest in how speech goes right. Perhaps surprisingly some studies have shown that Brocas region is also underactive in people who stutter.
An online fitness and diet star is facing court action over an unpaid 300000 tax debt. Ashy Bines who is the face of the popular fitness program Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago the Gold Coast Bulletin reports. The debts which were due last May include income and tax a fine and 295955 worth of interest. Scroll down for video . The case will be heard in a Brisbane court next Friday with Pilot Partners already consenting to be liquidators if the tax office wins. But Mr Evans handed directorship of ABBBC to business associate Levi Walz in January. Ms Anderson launched her company Emily Skye 30 Day 2 Shred in February 2013 with Steven Evans as a joint director. I thought that was OK shes going to share a couple of my recipes give me some credit and that was it she told Daily Mail Australia. It comes after a Sydney personal trainer revealed last week Ms Bines had used her recipes in a 100 ebook without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book .
A father and two children aged eight and two were killed after their SUV rolled over on a highway. The car which was carrying 12 crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County on central Floridas Atlantic Coast. Authorities say 38yearold Uriel Miranda died at the scene and his 2yearold daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital. Scroll down for video . Troopers say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka and a police report indicated half of them werent wearing seat belts. Authorities said Uriel and the toddler were not wearing seatbelts. Seven other relatives ranging from ages 3 to 34 remained hospitalized. Sgt. Neighbors of the family told Channel 9 Yordi was battling cancer reports WFTV. Its really sad because they didnt deserve it they were good people Jessica Garcia told WPTV. The crash is under investigation.
A former jewelry store worker has been arrested for his alleged role in the abduction and torture of a female employee at the business. Khayree Gay 31 was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City South Carolina according to a report from the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives. Gay who is originally from Feltonville Pennsylvania is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia. Scroll down for video . She was told she was going to die by the three men in ski masksPhilly.com reported. She freed her hands and tied to flee but the suspects returned and put her in shackles and handcuffs. Gays two suspected accomplices were not with him when he was arrested. The red van pulled into a gas station where the female employees ATM card was used to fill up the tank .
Second child Mrs PereiroMendez arrives yesterday . A top executive at Goldman Sachs secretly filmed colleagues to record their sexist behaviour when she became pregnant. Sonia PereiroMendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child. She has also lodged a claim against three senior bosses  Bryan Mix the global head of loan trading Nicholas Pappas who is European head of distressed trading and Simon Morris global head of credit trading. The revelation was made by the banks counsel Daniel Stilitz QC who said One key point is that... the claimant recorded some of the managers without their knowledge. But over a fiveyear period she claims her income took a hit because bosses felt given her pregnancy she was no longer a significant longterm player. Her basic salary was 250000 in January 2010 but by January 2012  two months after announcing her pregnancy  it had fallen to 192000. Mr Ukritnukun was later promoted to managing director enabling him to become emboldened in his contemptuous conduct. The case continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Michael Bisping is eyeing a longawaited homecoming ahead of his fight against CB Dollaway. The Manchester middleweight takes on Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. And assuming he does so Bisping is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July five years since he last fought in the UK. Michael Bisping gets up close to CB Dolloway during the UFC 186 weighin at Metropolis on Friday . For me its just another day in the office. Ill beat CB then Ill beat someone else and then youll hear me start talking about that title shot again. Hes a great wrestler hes a mediocre striker  Im by far a better striker. Ive never lost two fights back to back. I need to put a win streak together. But I still consider myself one of the best in the world. I know Ive had my setbacks theyve been well documented.
After Tony Blairs speech in his former constituency of Sedgefield last week the former PM made an appearance at a lowkey private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats. But despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories only one Shadow Cabinet minister Chuka Umunna could be bothered to attend. During a dinner held in an Indian banquet hall in Morden Blair pictured last week in Newton Aycliffe County Durham namechecked Ed Miliband only once devoting his speech instead to his own achievements . The dashing Shadow Business Secretary is being mentored by Lord Mandelson the former Blairite Cabinet minister who wants to see him as the next Labour leader. Bizarrely Blair shared a stage with musician Steve Brookstein who won the first X Factor ten years ago but whose career sank even faster than Blairs popularity. Its called The Forgotten Man. The other parties want to spend more and dont want to talk about taxation. Dermot Murnaghan brandished Labours Controls On Immigration mug embarrassing . A storm in a coffee cup Cooper aka Mrs Ed Balls said. . . He was 34. Hillarys now a Tory pinup .
Fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA researchers have discovered. Dating back hundreds of thousands of years the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat the academics suggest. It could mean that arachnophobia one of the most crippling of phobias represents a finely tuned survival instinct. And it could date back to early human evolution in Africa where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago. Scroll down for video . The research team carried out an experiment in which 252 volunteers were asked to study computer screens containing abstract shapes and data. Their reactions to images of spiders were very fast even if their shape was distorted when compared to much more clear images of other objects known induce disgust or fear such as needles and flies. Pictured a venomous Phormictopus antillensis spider .
They dominated the match but had to wait until the 82nd minute for Jones taken on loan from Cardiff 10 days ago to power in a header. Freddie Sears celebrates putting Ipswich ahead against Bournemouth at Portman Road after six minutes . Subs not used Camp Ward Gosling MacDonald. Booked Arter . Goal Jones 82 . Ipswich 433 Bialkowski Chambers Smith Berra Fryers Skuse Tabb Bishop Chaplow 57 Varney Clarke 90 Sears Wood 79 Murphy. Manager Mick McCarthy . Referee Robert Madley . Attendance 22672 . But it was equally effective as any from a set piece. Hes very important in terms of scores like this and the situation the game was in. Thats when hes probably going to play his biggest part. He could be invaluable. Cook left of Bournemouth contests a header with Ipswich attacker Daryl Murphy . Ive not known a league change hands so much Howe added. Its crazy. It all goes down to the team who can hold their nerve the most and who can continue to avoid the pressure of whats at stake.
An exotic animal owner from Ohio is campaigning for his bear and big cats to be returned after they were seized by the state in January. In total six tigers a bear a lion a cougar a black leopard and a liger part lion part tiger were taken from Kenny Hetricks Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were unsafe. Scroll down for video . They have organized car washes and handed him envelopes stuffed with thousands of dollars to pay legal bills. Some spent the winter shoring up his cages with taller fences and netting hoping the animals will return. A lot of us are lost without them. However the 2011 incident mentioned earlier pushed Ohio to tighten regulations on private zoos. Hetrick whose pickup truck has Tiger Man painted on the side disputes those assertions. Nothings ever got loose. Not in almost 40 years he said. Nobodys been hurt. Just because an animals never gotten out doesnt mean that an animal couldnt get out she said. Source Toledo News Now . Their collection multiplied often when others dropped off unwanted pets.
Police put extra security measures in place after a kiwi man associated with Islamic State urged followers to launch attacks targeting Anzac Day commemorations. Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor who claims to be fighting with Islamic State in Syria posted a video on YouTube in an attempt to incite violent acts in Australia and New Zealand during services commemorating Anzac Days centenary. In the video which has since been removed after 3 News notified authorities Taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers. Now is the time to commence your operations even if it means you have to stab a few police officers soldiers on Anzac Day and so be it. Scroll down for video . Mr Key told reporters that while IS enjoy inciting fear by publicising the atrocities they commit the group are under extreme scrutiny. Those people are undera pretty significant watch from the authorities so we will continue to watch those people very very closely. He was then rearrested on suspicion that he was instigating a beheading again on Australian soil. Five men were arrested in antiterror raids in Melbourne after the culmination of a monthlong operation codenamed Operation Rising .
A Dartmouth College judicial committee has derecognized a fraternity that partly inspired the 1978 cult classic Animal House because some new members received brands on their backsides. It found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision. Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options. Regardless of the outcome of an appeal IngeLise Ameer interim dean has the authority to withdraw recognition of Alpha Delta. Shes taken evidence from the committee under advisement. By agreeing to the branding the pledge would theoretically be allowed to avoid more drinkingintensive pledge activities. When the pledge went home for winter break he realized something was wrong with his brand and went to the doctor Gawker first reported last month. Toga! A 1992 Rolling Stone article reported that a few pledges were reportedly branded against their will this year.
Laos is a popular tourist destination known for its beautiful scenery and ornate temples however not many people venture below the surface and discover that what is underground is perhaps even more spectacular. The wondrous Tham Khoun Ex caves are so exquisite they dont look real at first which is perhaps why locals believe that spirits inhabit the underground wonderland. Cave photographer John Spies 59 captured the sheer magnificence of the vast yet intricate underground wonderland. Enormous banks of terraced flowstone decorate the walls of the cave in many places. This slowly growing mound of white and orange calcite is one of the larger deposits along the river passage . Rippling reflections A bluetinted glow from outside illuminates the entrance chamber of the cave . Not your usual day out! Visitors are able to kayak through the waters or explore adjacent chambers on foot. Nature at its best! Hidden secrets! Gigantic! Lit up! Heading into darkness a visitor paddles a small canoe near the downstream entrance. A team of four equipped with powerful LED lights and walkietalkies managed to lightpaint this enormous section for this long exposure shot .
A Texas father is accused of shooting dead his 22yearold son for coming to the defense of his mother during a heated domestic argument. Harris County Sheriffs officials say Ulysses Beaudoin 39 gunned down Ulysses Nelson Tuesday night after showing up at the familys home in Katy with his mistress in tow. Deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 Gordon Drive in the Bear Creek Meadows subdivision. Scroll down for video . Beaudoin had pulled up to the house in his Ford SUV and went inside. His girlfriend who has not been named remained in her own car around the corner. Moments later Beaudoin got into a fight with his wife of 18 years Christina Nelson in the master bedroom reported Click2Houston. Crocodile tears The 39yearold suspect was seen weeping and muttering My baby as he was being handcuffed .
Kane has been in superb form for Tottenham this season despite starting the campaign as thirdchoice striker netting 30 goals in all competitions for the club while also scoring on his senior England debut. Harry Kane capped off an unreal season to land the PFA Young Player of the Year 2015 on Sunday . Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals for Tottenham this year in a dream breakthrough season . I was able to do that and it was a moment I wont forget.
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are part of a selfie generation that just sings about platitudes . He was once the driving force behind Britpop in the 1990s and became known for his very public spat with Oasis Gallagher brothers. And now Blur frontman Damon Albarn who lives in Kensington and Chelsea in London has returned to pick a fight with even more people in the music industry. What are any of them saying? added Albarn now a fatherofone. In 2009 they reunited to play Hyde Park and again in 2012. Taylor Swift is known for using her music to criticise her exboyfriends and reveal her struggles in love . He would also like to see Trident significantly reduced. Blur release their new album The Magic Whip later this month. It is the first time since the 1999 album entitled 13 that Graham Coxon will feature fully on the album.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick has revealed he wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over. Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as Louis van Gaals side put their stuttering start to the season behind them and carved out a place in the Champions League places. The former West Ham and Tottenham star now 34 is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon but when he does he says hed like to try his hand behind the wheel of an F1 car. He told MUTV I wouldnt swap football for anything... except maybe to be an F1 driver. Id love to have a go. Im hooked on it. Football is work and its a lot more than that too. But its about getting balance in your life as you get older. Living right and trying to look after myself gives me a better chance. Not many people if anyone can do what he did. But I tried to learn off Giggsy Scholesy Paul Scholes and Gaz Nev Gary Neville. The first three or four months were tough.
A pregnant Texas woman has been killed after she was run over by her husband during an argument  but doctors managed to save her baby. The couple who have not been named were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road South West Houston. Her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle slipped and he ran her over. Police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him. Investigation Houston Police seen here spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events Monday. The baby was then transported via Life Flight Helicopter to Memorial Hermann Hospital for observation. There is no word on the babys condition at this time according to KPRC News.
The 11yearold autistic boy who miraculously survived four nights alone in Victorian bushland has been reunited with his rescuers. Doctors say they are stunned with how healthy Luke Shambrook appeared considering he had gone without food or water since Good Friday. Sitting up in his hospital bed the young boy is seen flanked by two people from the search and rescue team who made the dramatic find on Tuesday just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park northeast of Melbourne. Scroll down for video . Paediatrician Amy Gray said Luke was still a bit weak and tired but asking for food. Its an amazingly happy outcome after what has clearly been an incredibly stressful traumatic experience she said on Wednesday. Luke is seen peering out from behind trees before a uniformed police officer him and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was finally safe. Then other rescuers join the scene with one of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boys shoulders. Lukes autism and limited speech could mean he never reveals what happened. Im not sure well ever know.
New York CNNJake Tapper is the next anchor of CNNs Sunday morning political interview program State of the Union. CNN announced Tappers promotion on Friday morning. He will take over the program in June hell remain the channels chief Washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast The Lead. Among his peers Tapper is seen as an authority on politics something a program like State of the Union demands. I couldnt be more excited about this election season and the new platform I will have at CNN to cover it Tapper said in a statement. Tapper thanked CNN Worldwide CEO Jeff Zucker for the confidence he continues to show in me and to my colleagues at CNN for the incredible support on air and off that Ive received since beginning this adventure two years ago. He has the perfect combination of skills that make him uniquely qualified  hes a relentless reporter a gifted storyteller and a terrific interviewer who doesnt stop until he gets answers. Additionally NBC replaced David Gregory with Chuck Todd on the original Sunday public affairs program Meet the Press last fall.
Jack Wilshere has moved a step closer to recovery from the serious ankle injury that has wrecked his season after completing 90 minutes for Arsenals under 21 side. The England midfielder came through the 41 win over Stoke City unscathed as he pushes for a return to Arsene Wengers first team before the end of the campaign. He was joined by Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively in the Under 21 Premier League fixture at the Emirates Stadium. Hattrick hero Iwobi is capped for Englands youth teams but likely to play for Nigeria . Substitutes not used Ryan Huddart GK George Dobson Gedion Zelalem . Scorers Iwobi 23 40 902 Mavididi 73 . Scorer Shenton 8 . Referee Anthony Da Costa . Attendance 2674 . He saw a freekick 25 yards from goal deflected just over the crossbar early on and initiated a move later in the firsthalf that culminated in Serge Gnabry firing a snapshot on the turn that was saved the legs of Stoke goalkeeper Daniel Gyollai.
Unleashing your inner Shakespeare could be just a few jolts of electricity away. Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. They tested their theory using a 10Hertz current on the brains of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brains natural alpha wave oscillations. As well as creativity these oscillations  or the lack of them  are linked with depression. They were discovered in 1929 by Hans Berger who invented EEG. When you come fully online alpha oscillations disappear. Professor Frohlich set out to find evidence. His idea was simple. Each participant underwent two sessions. Participants felt a tingle at the start of the five minutes. We did a wellcontrolled onetime study and found an acute effect. Also I have strong ethical concerns about cognitive enhancement for healthy adults just as sports fans might have concerns about athletic enhancement through the use of performanceenhancing drugs.
Still people who knew Sadek are shocked by what happened. Investigators havent concluded whether Sadek was slain or killed himself. Both transactions were small  for a total of 80 worth of drugs  but they took place on campus making them serious felonies. The document that Sadek signed to become a confidential informant did not explicitly state the potential risks. You have to really say This is the risk Youre entering a world thats dangerous and you might end up dead Harrington said. He wasnt seen again. His body was found in the river about two months later. Its just a charade when they do these things Burton said of law enforcement agencies investigating one another. Shes started a Justice for Andrew Sadek Facebook page that has more than 3200 likes. I would like to see task forces stop using kids she said.
Alan Pardew will target a marquee signing this summer so his Crystal Palace side are taken seriously next season. Pardew has transformed Palace into relegation candidates to a club pushing for a tophalf finish since taking charge in January. He will be active in the transfer market come the end of the season in an attempt to take the club to the next level and is keen to bring in a big name to declare the clubs intentions. That is something I have thought about. Pardew is prepared to let star winger Yannick Bolasie leave for between 40 and 60 million pounds and would use the money to build a formidable squad. But even if that does not happen Pardew whose side host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday is adamant that he will be backed by chairman Steve Parish. The most important thing is we get good value. Palace broke their club transfer record in September 2014 when they splashed out 7m on James McArthur . I havent had to lean on Shola Ameobi Jordon Mutch Chungy Lee Chungyong too much really.
Caretakers of Abraham Lincolns tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in National Geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site even as they commemorate the 150th anniversary of the U.S. Civil War presidents assassination. For the state that calls itself the Land of Lincoln the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis and Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists. He would roll the agency into another department. Whats more the popular tourist site was pilloried in this months issue of National Geographic magazine as having all the historical character of an office lobby. Landmark In this Feb. 12 2015 file photo Illinois Gov. Goodhearts publicist didnt immediately return a request for comment. We dont know how things are going to be run. The tombs interior plaster and paint and bronze and marble construction were renovated last year and its interior lighting was upgraded for approximately 730000. Lincolns tomb was designed by Vermont sculptor Larkin Mead who won a national contest.
Manchester United have confirmed their plans to revisit the USA on preseason this summer after agreeing to Louis van Gaals desire to head to America rather than Asia. Uniteds shirt sponsors Chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the Far East as the American car giant seeks to expand its business in that part of the world and were enthusiastic about that trip taking place this summer. However after months of discussions between the United board and manager Van Gaal the club will once again head across the Atlantic for a fourgame tour signed off by the manager. The Premier League giants will face Club America San Jose Earthquakes Barcelona and PSG . CenturyLink Field Seattle  72000 capacity . TBC . Levis Stadium California  68500 capacity . July 29  vs Paris SaintGermain . As revealed earlier this month in Sportsmail the tournament organisers have essentially organised this summers tournament around Uniteds needs. August 5  Manchester United 31 Liverpool Miami Attendance 51014 .
A sevenyearold boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food. The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him. When he resisted they set him on fire Inspector Sasthe told PTI. The boy who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body somehow managed to escape Sasthe added. The shocking incident occurred in Pagma Nagar located on this map in Bhiwandi City a suburb of Mumbai . The incident which happened in Bhiwandi in Mumbai stock image is being investigated by police . A case has been registered under Sections 307 attempt to murder 377 sodomy of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act 2012.
Grieving family and friends have taken to social media to pay tribute to a man after he was fatally stabbed with a knife during a violent brawl in the early hours of Easter Monday. Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast NSW on Sunday night before they headed to a nearby latenight pizza shop. Shortly after midnight emergency services found Mr Gibbins and his 25yearold friend with serious stab wounds at about 12.10am from an alleged random attack. The 28yearold Wyong Roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital. Scroll down for video . Pictures from Mr Gibbins Facebook account paints a top bloke who got along with everyone and loved travelling partying and going to festivals and sporting events. A true gentleman that has obviously touched many. You were an amazing person. Mr Gibbons was a late bloomer who had recently secured a place training in his clubs NSW cup squad . He is fairly quiet and unassuming he is not boisterous or a loud mouth he said.
Just days before convicted drug smuggler Andrew Chan is set to face death by firing squad reports have emerged that he has married his girlfriend of three years Febyanti Herewila. According to a family friend of Chans the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday with immediate family present. This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February. Scroll down for video . Since then they have dreamed of his release even talking about plans to have children together one day. Salvation Army minister and family friend David Soper officiated the wedding. Hes been in isolation so I thought he wasnt serious. Indonesian lawyer Todung Mulya Lubis displays a selfportrait painting made by Australian drug convict and death row prisoner Myuran Sukumaran entitled the second last day Andrew Chans mother Helen centre is seen here with the pairs Australian lawyer Julian McMahon right on Sunday . With her was her other son Chintu Myurans brother . Chan and Sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants during official proceedings on Saturday saying they believed it would be unjust to kill them.
Raheem Sterlings controversial ItsNotAboutTheMoney campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium where Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans. 5bn and what do we get? 64 a ticket read one banner held across the home and away fans before kickoff. Hopefully the irony wasnt lost on Sterling even if it did not interfere with his football. Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpools penalty which was only a consolation . Sterling tussles with Per Mertersacker left and struggled to repeatedly threaten Arsenals defence . Crowd reaction . Quite indifferent. They wouldnt want to put him off. After all hes flattered by the interest. Body Language . Good. Position . Jordan Henderson deputised at rightwingback. Mertesacker right puts in a challenge on Sterling in the early Saturday game in the Premier League . Form . Unable to reach a pass from Markovic when Markovic should have taken on the shot. Interaction . Limited. Played up front alone. Verdict .
Nicola Sturgeon tonight warned Ed Miliband he will not be able to pass a Labour Budget unless he agrees to SNP demands  despite the Labour leaders claim that he would not do any deals. The Scottish First Minister talked up her chances of being Westminsters kingmaker following next weeks election with polls still pointing to another hung parliament. Mr Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists but a votebyvote arrangement remains on the table. Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon faced questions from a studio audience at BBC Scotland in Glasgow this evening  immediately after the three main Westminster party leaders faced off in Leeds . Miss Sturgeons comments came just days after her predecessor Alex Salmond was caught boasting Im writing Labours Budget. Twothirds of MPs now have to back an earlier election and governments can lose votes on Budgets Queens Speeches and other key legislation without it being seen as a vote of no confidence and triggering an election. David Cameron appearing on the special BBC programme first said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority . then so be it. That gives the opposition parties enormous clout.
Wales crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33000 sellout. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12 with Wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden. Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games with Marc Wilmots side  ranked fourth in the world  on top spot because of a superior goal difference. Gareth Bale fires homes a brilliant freekick during Wales 30 victory over Israel in Euro 2016 qualifying . It is understood the Wales squad prefer to play at the Cardiff City Stadium rather than the Millennium Stadium . But that was never going to happen as UEFA rules prevent the venue being changed within 120 days of the scheduled date.
A mother of two who works as a highclass escort has told how she received a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently better mothers when she revealed her double life on national television. Amanda Goff known to her clients as Samantha X is a former journalist wrote a book about her experience after becoming a global sensation. In her new book Hooked  Secrets of a HighClass Escort the 40yearold said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media with interview requests flooding in from news organisations all over the world. Scroll down for video . I adored my kids and my kids adored me. I was a good person a good mum a good friend. Some even told her they were inspired to leave their mundane jobs to pursue a career in the sex industry. He said Its a disgrace. She said that while she would miss the extravagant lifestyle at this stage in her life she had become more concerned with finding a longterm partner. I am sick of being afraid.
Twotime Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine Mens Health. The Mercedes racer who leads the drivers championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second features on the front cover of the May edition of the popular health publication. In an interview in the latest issue of the magazine released on Thursday April 2 the 30yearold discusses the significance of his personal body art. Hamiltons tattoos and what they mean . I love my ink Hamilton explains. Ive got Pieta a Michelangelo sculpture of Mary holding Jesus after he came off the cross on my shoulder. Faith obviously. Your heart rate is 150 160 through the whole race. Theres a certain weight limit depending on how heavy the car can be. Last year I had to lose six kilos I went from 73kg to 67kg. It was hardcore I didnt have much to lose as it was. So I train a lot.
Washington CNNIsraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Irans nuclear ambitions saying he sees better options than this bad deal or war. I think theres a third alternative and that is standing firm ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal Netanyahu told CNNs Jim Acosta Sunday on State of the Union. His comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift Western sanctions on Iran in exchange for the country dropping from 19000 to 5060 active centrifuges limiting its highly enriched uranium and increasing inspections. But GOP contenders for the partys 2016 presidential nomination lambasted it saying it gave Iran too much flexibility. On Sunday the sparring continued. One Senate Democrat said Netanyahu needs to contain himself. And a top Republican said almost any of Obamas successors as president could do better. It keeps a vast nuclear infrastructure in place. Not a single centrifuge is destroyed. There still can be some changes Feinstein said. We have blocked all of these pathways to a bomb he said.
This United States may have been made for you and me but Americas diamond deserts and redwood forests could net a sizable amount of cash if we ever decided to sell it according to a new study. A map of the US by county shows areas with land values from 73000 to 3.35million per acre in dark blue and land less than 2000 per acre in white. The entire country is worth 23trillion according to new study . Despite only being 5.8 per cent of the countrys 1.89billion acres developed land had a slim majority of the countrys value. Above the High Plains Desert in Wyoming . Alabama . Alaska . Arizona . Arkansas . California . Colorado . Delaware . Florida . Georgia . Hawaii . Idaho . Illinois . Indiana . Iowa . Kansas . Kentucky . Nevada . North Carolina . Oregon . Rhode Island . South Dakota . Vermont . Virginia . NA .
It is usually found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat painful skin conditions such as eczema in children. But these days it seems you are just as likely to come across Cetaphil in the beauty cupboards of the rich and famous. It has emerged that the cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including Britains Got Talent judge Amanda Holden and actresses Charlize Theron and Olivia Wilde. Scroll down for video . Dermatologistsis developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers. Its formula suits all ages from babies to mums and the elderly. Fragrance free Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser . She said she used to have botox injections and plastic surgery but that nearly dying giving birth to her daughter Hollie in 2012 put her off any more invasive treatments.
Parents in China looking for a way to teach their children about the birds and the bees can now take them to a special sex education playground inside an enormous inflatable doll. The attraction which features a ball pit slide and climbing area can be accessed via the dolls right foot. Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex. The greenhaired blueeyed beauty at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern Chinas Nanjing city has been nicknamed Ba Di Doll . Her chest is a ball pit and there is also an area for youngsters to test their climbing skills and play on a slide . Ba Di Doll is a whopping 30 metres long seven metres tall and six metres wide. While some walked past the doll as if she didnt exist others stopped to take photographs and admire it .
With his infinite supply of supercars private jets and beautiful women billionaire businessman Tony Toutouni is threatening to become the new King of Instagram. The 42yearold entrepreneur  who chronicles his immensely extravagant lifestyle on the photosharing site and is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikiniclad models  admits its not that hard to get any girl you want. His outrageous posts which have seen him amass 750000 followers in eight months are threatening to steal him the King of Instagram crown from his friend and fellow superrich playboy Dan Bilzerian. Scroll down for video . Toutouni who goes by the name lunaticliving on the site said What man in this world cant say this isnt the lifestyle they want to live? As a single guy I dated many many women. Moderately rich and just moody. I saw that his Instagram following was growing pretty fast so I started doing it. I also invested in car dealerships and different ventures  restaurants bars. His shockingly excessive posts gets their fair share of criticism online. He says I like to do all kinds of things. However she landed short breaking her foot. The charges were eventually dropped.
CNNFor superhero fans the cup runneth over. Most of us know the members of the Avengers by now Iron Man Captain America Hulk and the rest and the fact that a few more like Quicksilver are joining the cast in the Avengers Age of Ultron sequel. But there was one character who remained a mystery the Vision to be played by Paul Bettany. Thus far weve only seen his eyes in a trailer. Meanwhile as many Marvel fans know Thursday was the eve of the new Netflix series Daredevil and after a photoshopped first look at Charlie Coxs iconic red Daredevil suit went out Marvel put out a video of the real one. Not to be outdone director Bryan Singer announced a new character for next years sequel XMen Apocalypse by telling Empire magazine that Ben Hardy would be playing the role of the winged mutant Angel. He even had a photo to share. And he looks ... pretty much like The Thing we already knew but reportedly CGI this time.
A year after he launched his own app and made headlines Leo Grand is still homeless . I can work at Google I can work at SpaceX Leo Grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app Trees for Cars went live. This will change my life in a magnificent way. Its been a year and a half since that moment led to Grand and his mentor Patrick McConlogue becoming media sensations. I was excited the press was excited it was just a great moment. A nice swanky hotel. He also keeps some possessions in a shopping cart. For now Grand said he does not code everyday anymore. Ive got the books Ive got the laptop Ive got the office space. It is something that people put a lot of people  in a lot of different situations  into one giant box. Grand said if he could do it all over again he would have come up with a better ideal that would have generated more revenue.
A teenager suffering from cystic fibrosis is battling to be allowed to take part in her high school graduation after school officials told her she couldnt. Victoria McKennon is just one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements to graduate from Plano Senior High School in Texas. The 17yearold has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her lifethreatening condition. Scroll down for video . The plan was that she would finish the outstanding work necessary to graduate in the summer and earn her diploma that way. But officials initially refused to allow Victoria to join her friends at the prestigious event which draws a crowd of hundreds to see students proudly don their graduation caps and gowns in the schools maroon colours.
Two people on a Delta flight which made an emergency landing in Boston were hospitalized after extreme turbulence which was compared by one passenger to King Kong picking up the plane and shaking it. Delta said a small number of customers on Flight 271 from Paris to Newark Airport in New Jersey complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians. Scroll down for video . During high winds the plane was unable to land at Newark then attempted to land at JFK in New York but this also proved too difficult. Finally the pilot flew to Logan International in Boston. Delta said 180 passengers and 11 crew members were aboard. One passenger told NBC that it felt like King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow. Traveler Jessica Garcia told ABC7 You could feel the turbulence.
Asbestos has been discovered in the roof at New York Citys mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancercausing materials from Gracie Mansion will begin this month. The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansions leaky roof. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family who will remain in the home during the renovation. Gracie Mansion is one of Manhattans oldest structures built more than 200 years ago and as with any older homes maintenance is necessary mayoral spokesman Peter Kadushin said on Wednesday. The two projects will be undertaken concurrently and should be completed by October or November officials said. Bloomberg never lived in the mansion during his 12 years in office  he instead opted to remain at his tony Upper East Side townhome  but oversaw extensive renovations to the home which he used for meetings and ceremonial events.
The son of a well known nightclub owner who bragged about taking a girls virginity in an alley is appealing his rape conviction. Scroll down for video . Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18yearold at his fathers SOHO nightclub on May 12 2013 . I thought that once I left the alleyway the pain would go away ... but it didnt the statement said. Everything that made me who I was stayed in that alleyway. I am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt he must have realised there was a possibility she wasnt consenting she told Sydneys District Court. Now the controversial councillor is developing a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations. Daily Mail Australia has contacted Cr Betts for comment. Turnbulls office declined to respond when probed by the Guardian over whether he would support her as mayor. Luke Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars. Free entry till 10pm and 5 drinks till midnight  get amongst it! Posted week after sentencing!. Judge Huggett said Lazarus a South Sydney Rabbitohs fan came from a privileged upbringing .
ISIS has released a chilling new propaganda video warning there is no safety for any American on the globe and claiming the U.S. will burn in another 911style attack. Titled We Will Burn America the video calls on supporters to attack the U.S. on its own soil while claiming its citizens sense of safety is a mirage. The 11 minutelong video also forms a showcase of some of the militants bloodiest atrocities  it features the beheading of U.S. journalist James Foley as well as several mass beheadings and the horrific burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh alKasasbeh. Pictured is Osama bin Laden in a still image taken from the groups propaganda video . Subtitles added to the footage claim that previous mujahideen  a term used to describe someone waging jihad  managed to carry out the 911 Twin Tower attacks with little resources. In broken English it goes on By Allahs willing the fear will spread among them again soon. But today its time for payback. Canadian Michael ZehafBibeaus murder of corporal Nathan Cirillo at Ottawas Parliament Hill is also included. Authorities later said his attack was ISISinspired although ZehafBibeau was said to have mental health issues and a drug addiction.
An Ohio woman discovered that her biological mother worked at the same company as her and lived only six minutes away. The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1 1964 and September 18 1996 last month allowing people their first access to the information. After receiving her records in the mail LaSonya MitchellClark 38 of Youngstown finally got the answers shes wanted almost her whole life. She looked up her mothers name Francine Simmons on Facebook and found out she worked Infocision  the same callcenter operation company she works at. Ever since I found out that I was adopted I wanted to know who my biological mother was MitchellClark told WYTV. She said yes. MitchellClark left reached out through social media to speak with Simmons right and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call. I was put in a home a girls home. Theyve always encouraged me to look for them.
AntiHillary Clinton street art emerged in Brooklyn just hours before Clintons presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday. The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including Dont Say Secretive Dont Say Entitled and Dont Say Ambitious. The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician according to the Weekly Standard. Last month the New York Times Amy Chozick brought attention to the efforts made by the group which goes by the name of HRC Super Volunteers. The descriptive terms that Clintons fan club said it does not want applied to their candidate include polarizing calculating disingenuous insincere ambitious inevitable entitled and over confident. Scroll down for videos . Following Clintons announcement on Sunday a hashtag on Twitter also began trending called WhyImNotVotingForHillary. In this image taken from video posted to hillaryclinton.com on Sunday Hillary Rodham Clinton announces her campaign for president . One user wrote WhyImNotVotingForHillary benghazi plus I cant think of anything good she has done. Other users wrote that they are not voting for Hillary because they said we need more people like Reagan.
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award for March from Manchester United and was quick to thank his supporters after receiving the gong. Mata scored both goals as United overturned Liverpool with a 21 win at Anfield while also producing an impressive display in the 30 home victory over Tottenham. The Spain internationals return to the United side coincided with two of the best performances from Louis van Gaals team this season against Spurs and Liverpool and the fans were quick to acknowledge Matas influence. Mata left has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the Spain squad after missing out since the World Cup . Thank you very much to all for this trophy and thank you all for your support as always Mata said with the award in his hands in an Instagram video. alongside the image. United return to Premier League action when they host relegationthreatened Aston Villa on Saturday.
Four players capable of filling two key positions. Michael Carrick left limped off against Manchester City while Marcos Rojo right picked up an injury too . United boss Louis van Gaal left and assistant Ryan Giggs right carry their luggage on Friday . Van Gaal puts his arm around Rooney during a training session earlier this week ahead of Saturdays game . Blind was hurt in the Manchester derby by a challenge from City skipper Vincent Kompany. United striker Robin van Persie has not yet been passed fit enough to return to firstteam action . And then theres the likely choice of replacement for Rojo between Tyler Blackett and Paddy McNair two young defenders who have not featured since January and February respectively. It means a rhetorical question. There is more balance in the team because I have played the same lineup more. Thats difficult. Jonny Evans is suspended so we dont have many choices. I believe in facts. They play at home but I think that Chelsea will be satisfied with a draw. We live for these titles he said. When you reach that goal you are happy.
Lauren Perry 25 had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy and doctors feared the worst. Lauren Perrys right son Mason pictured with sister Chloe and dad Mitch Window contracted a flesheating disease . But the parents fears for the lives of their newborns did not end there. It perforated his bowel and ate tissue from his chest cavity. She was forced to deliver her twins via caesarean 10 weeks early after he water broke at 30 weeks . About a month ago Mason  who was eight months old  was admitted to Lady Cilento Childrens Hospital in Brisbane to have his colostomy removed in what his mother described as a pretty routine operation. After the surgery the young boy went into recovery but started to go downhill quickly. A combination of bacteria caused Masons case of necrotising fasciitis. Ms Doughan echoed this. They said they couldnt resuscitate a baby that small... so they said it would probably be best to wrap them up and keep them warm and cuddle them for as long as we can. I honestly thought I would never get to take him home. I think he still feels very vulnerable.
A German tourist who had been missing for almost 24 hours after her car was discovered abandoned on the side of the road has been found after surviving the night in a national park. Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday when she was driving a friends car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australias southeast. The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon on Bay Road in the heart of Mount Gambier but the 25yearold was nowhere in sight. At about 11am on Monday Ms Osterkamp contacted local authorities and informed them that she had been in Glenelg Conservation Park and that she was safe and well.
Veteran CBS News Face the Nation moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that hell be retiring this summer. Its not his first retirement announcement but at age 78 looks like it has a good chance of sticking. Schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at Texas Christian Universitys Schieffer School of Journalism in Fort Worth his alma mater. Its been a great adventure Schieffer said at the college. You know Im one of the luckiest people in the world because as a little boy as a young reporter I always wanted to be a journalist and I got to do that. New career option Country singer Brad Paisley joked about what Schieffer might do after stepping down from his job with CBS News . Journalists and media personalities have been discussing Stelters announcement on social media. . Trusted by both sides Fox News Howard Kurtz tweeted. CNNs Jake Tapper and The Drudge Reports Matt Drudge were also among those who paid tribute to Schieffer on Twitter. Bobs thought about retiring before is he really retiring now?
Historian David Starkey has launched an astonishing attack on the victim status of ethnic minorities and disabled people  and says women are only of average intelligence. The television presenter also gave his views on the current political class claiming he did not believe any politician was equipped to be prime minister and the real talent has left politics. The outspoken 70yearold said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence whereas men were either very very bright or very thick but denied he is sexist. Scroll down for video . He said They espoused victimhood and violence. With all the praise thats been lavished on Doreen Lawrence shes constantly treating blacks as victims. All forms of liberation and I speak as gay and I was in all this when it wasnt fashionable when you didnt get your CBE for being a prominent poofter when there were actual penalties for doing it  all of them depend upon you taking control. Its catastrophic. A recent poll showed many Muslims reported higher community tensions with one in three saying they felt under greater suspicion in the last few years while 44 per cent of nonMuslims reporting being more wary.
Facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. The documents requested include details relating to a contract with Paul Ceglia during an 18month stretch beginning in 2003. Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. On Friday U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick told Facebook Inc. and owner Mark Zuckerberg they have until Monday to relinquish the information that was requested by Ceglias lawyer Robert Ross Fogg. The order ignores Zuckerbergs request to wait until Ceglia is caught before handing over the documents. His wife two children and dog are also missing from their home in Wellsville 70 miles southeast of Buffalo. The judge said he would not allow a trial to proceed unjustly. Neither did a spokesman for government attorneys nor Fogg.
An impoverished father has revealed that he plans to sell his own kidney to fund lifesaving treatment for his three morbidlyobese children. He said If my kids continue to grow at this rapid rate they will have major health issues. Their hunger never stops. They all live together in Gujarat India . 6am . 10am . 12.30pm . Millet breads . Rice  3lbs with vegetables . Five packs of biscuits .
Economy passengers have long wished they were in first class with lieflat beds and nice meals but now it seems there is someone else to envy  the cabin crew. A new plane design has revamped the areas where cabin crew can enjoy from rest and relaxation in flight and it seems they have more space than any passengers. A slick bunk bed design has been unveiled by Zodiac Galleys Europe giving staff a bed each and some privacy for a little shuteye during longhaul flights. Scroll down for video . First class accommodation! Drawing on the help of 30 flight attendants from four different continents their lower deck designs reveal an area designed to feel spacious private and with maximum personal comfort. The Zodiac Aerospace concept was revealed Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg last week which aimed to showcase the latest developments in aircraft manufacturing. Each section boasts a personal service unit PSU offering crew with individual inflight entertainment systems and air conditioning . In every step of the process users were involved. Enough room to swing a cat? Pilots have their own separate sleeping quarters such as this one on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner .
Kate Winslet was a vision in blue at a London film premiere this week. Her stunning bodycon dress top had clearly been made to measure by Stella McCartney. But my what big feet  and big leopardprint stilettos  she has! Hed refer to them as my canoes! But fascinatingly just like Kate lots of stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet as we reveal here. Titanic feet At 5ft 7in the 39yearold Oscarwinning actress who loves a strappy stiletto wears a roomy sizenine shoe . The Aussie supermodel 51 is also a canny businesswoman. Even at 5 ft 9in Katie towered over her pintsized former husband Tom Cruise. Gwynnie 42 is known for her love of toweringly high heels  Michael Kors Brian Atwood and Giuseppe Zanotti. Her size eights seem large on her 5 ft 7 inframe. Angelina Jolie Size 6.5 US 9 Uma Thurman Size 8 US 11 Cate Blanchett Size 6 US 9 Her size nines were derided as weird and gigantic after Jolie 39 appeared barefoot in a Louis Vuitton campaign.
Deputy PM Nick Clegg said control of the Department for Education would be a key demand of any new powersharing deal . The Liberal Democrats could seize control of the nations schools in a coalition deal to erase Michael Goves zany ideas from the classroom Nick Clegg signalled today. Mr Clegg repeatedly clashed with Mr Gove over his education reforms including Tory plans to scrap GCSEs and a Lib Dem scheme to provide free school meals to under7s. Mr Gove was demoted from running the ministry in last years Cabinet reshuffle to become Tory Chief Whip. Establishing an Educational Standards Authority ESA is part of a plan for England which would also include a new Royal College of Teachers. I get very distressed when I hear how teachers feel that they have been somewhat put upon in recent years he said promising to celebrate not denigrate the great noble profession. The Tories tonight hit back at the criticism. Or making exams harder? Either hes lost the plot or hes lying again as he did on tuition fees. Conservative policies have delivered a 71 increase in students taking rigorous academic subjects and ensured 100000 six year olds are reading more confidently.
Nick Clegg deserves another chance at being in power after suffering the wrath of voters his wife Miriam said today. The Lib Dem leaders wife said the partys MPs deserve to be reelected in May after putting the country above their party for five years at great personal cost. Scroll down for video . Miriam Clegg joined Lib Dem Home Office minister Lynne Featherstone in Hornsey and Wood Green in North London where they shared a joke over cuddly toy lamb . Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg takes a short break from campaigning and takes part in Go Ape Haldon Forest Park near Exeter today . Speaking to reporters about her role in the campaign Miriam said I keep my day to day life I keep working Im doing what I did last time which is to help as much as I can. Her appearance on the campaign trail comes after a series of high profile visits and media interviews by David Camerons wife Samantha. Im delighted that she has been prepared to do so amongst all the many other things she has to do.
A Neighbourhood Watch official has been handed a restraining order following a bitter row with his neighbours over a garden gate. Married couple John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips 67 constantly harassed them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their 210000 house in Poole Dorset. Retired Mr Phillips the treasurer of the local Neighbourhood Watch scheme accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land and took the matter to council planners. Scroll down for video . When the couple challenged him they say claim embarked on a campaign of misery that forced the Coplestons to install CCTV cameras to catch him in action. The covert footage caught Mr Phillips fiddling with the gates lock waving and smiling at the camera and repeatedly setting off a motion sensor. Why did he start this? The victim said she felt like a prisoner in her own home. Im delighted at this result  I couldnt stand another day worrying Whats going to happen next?
The Brazilian has been at Anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November. Gerrard deserves to win the FA Cup after what he has done for this club. Three Wembley highlights . Plays for 81 minutes before replaced by Kieron Dyer. England 20 USA  2008 . I just think young players shouldnt get carried away. If you are having a glass of wine then people say you are drunk. Lucas celebrates Joe Allens right second goal for Liverpool against Newcastle . I felt we didnt have the squad to challenge. Rodgers smiles that he will be heartless in deciding whether to name his captain in the starting XI but is adamant Gerrard will make a big contribution. Ive had a meal with him talking over things said the manager. Status and star quality have never bothered me really.
Robbie Keane isnt letting an injury keep him from entertaining his LA Galaxy fans with one highprofile supporter Boy George endorsing his rendition of Karma Chameleon. A video of Keanes car karaoke effort was posted on the Boy George and the Culture Club Facebook page and while the 34yearold strikers enthusiasm cant be faulted his command of the lyrics leaves a bit to be desired. My m8 Robbie Keane having a singalong in the car! Go on Robbie! said the post. The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxys day off on Tuesday with Keane choosing a song that was released when he was just three years old. and also peaked at the top of the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1983 . Keane left sidelined by a groin injury watches the Galaxy win 10 over Seattle Sounders on Sunday .
Were used to reading about construction projects springing up in China at lightning speed  but things dont always go according to plan. Sometimes stubborn house owners get in the way as these incredible images show. Homes such as these in China are known as dingzihu or nail houses because they stick out and are difficult to remove like a stubborn nail. Scroll down for video . Last house standing A car stops beside a house in the middle of a newly built road in Wenling Zhejiang provinc . Cut off A sixfloor villa on the construction site in the central business district of Shenzhen . One of a kind A nail house is pictured at a construction site which will be developed into a new apartment zone in Hefei Anhui province. The banner reads We strongly request the government punishes the criminals. They demolish my house by force. An amazing photograph from 2012 shows cars driving around the fivestorey property. Zheng Meiju walks towards her partially demolished nail house back in Ruian Zhejiang province . A similarly bizarre sight resulted when a home owner in in Nanning Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region refused to give in to developers.
The family of a Massachusetts woman who died from melanoma likely caused by her love of tanning are campaigning for a change to laws governing sunbeds. Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005. Three years later at just 26 years old Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle. Now her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young. Whatever I have to do to fight cancer Ill do her father Bob recalls his daughter saying. She tried experimental treatments with terrible side effects but they were no use. Glennas not here to inform people of the dangers Colleen told Cosmo. ht YouTubeMaryellen MaguireEisen . Doctors recommend doing regular skin checks for new moles and seeing a doctor if any change in size shape or color.
Video footage has emerged of a drunken stag party group who caused mayhem on a flight from Scotland to Spain. Fellow passengers sat stunned as the yobs  some of whom were shirtless  sung and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante on a Jet2 flight last Friday morning. Scroll down for video . One passenger said It was the most horrendous flight I have ever been on. They were shouting singing and swearing throughout the flight. A few of them took their tops off and refused to sit in their seats when told to. The airline staff were struggling to cope with his rowdiness. One woman got really frustrated at the delay and got involved in a bit of a pushing match with the group. He was banned from flying back .
A headteacher who allegedly used his school email to set up a threesome with a prostitute who he wanted to spank while she was dressed as a schoolgirl has resigned from his post. David Nicholson 48 sent the woman explicit messages saying he was keen on her dressing up like a pupil and was looking forward to putting you over my knee it is claimed. The married fatheroffour has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke Hampshire since the correspondence came to light last month and has now left the school. Mr Nicholson from Great Bedwyn Wiltshire is still under investigation by Ofstead after claims he used his official school email address to contact an 150anhour escort through an adult website and arrange a meeting with her and another woman. In a statement today Mr Nicholson said As I am sure you will understand the recent press coverage has been highly distressing. We wish him well for the future. The Governing Bodys commitment remains to our students staff and local communities.
CNNTwo passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murdersuicide the cruise line said. Holland America Line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 1130 a.m. Thursday. The cabin was immediately secured and the authorities were notified including the FBI Holland America said. We are cooperating fully with the investigation and the authorities will make the official determination on what occurred. FBI spokesman Moises Quiñones said authorities were on scene investigating. The ship left Tampa Florida on March 29 on a 14day Southern Caribbean cruise. Its currently in San Juan Puerto Rico.
Argentina beat Ecuador 21 to notch a second straight Copa America warmup victory without Lionel Messi at a freezing MetLife stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday. Gerardo Martinos Argentina with captain Messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury had beaten El Salvador 20 in Washington on Saturday. They went in front after eight minutes on Tuesday when midfielder Javier Pastore glanced an Angel di Maria corner towards the far post where striker Sergio Aguero headed his 22nd international goal and first since Argentina beat Germany 42 in a friendly last September. Pastore celebrates with Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo after scoring the winning goal . Fans celebrate Agueros opener during the firsthalf as Argentina continued their Copa America preparations . Scorers Aguero 8 Pastore 58 . Ecuador Dominguez Erazo W. Ayovi Paredes Achiller Mena Lastra Gruezo 65 Bolanos Noboa Ibarra Martinez 85 Caicedo J. Ayovi 70 Substitutes not used Azcona Dreer Pineida Bagui Arboleda Mina Larrea Valencia Montrero Rojas . Scorer Bolanos 24 . Referee S. Petrescu . Nicolas Otamendi tries to control a bouncing ball ahead of Ecuadors Renato Ibarra . It was Paraguay coach Ramon Diazs second match in charge.
Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the worlds best cyclists reconverge on the Yorkshire roads early next month. Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1. For Prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins  who will lead his own team in the race for the first time  is only the start of his ambitions. Prior said We are hugely ambitious as a team and as a company and we want to eventually move up to procontinental level and hopefully above. When I was 12 years old my dream was to be a professional cricketer and play for England in the Ashes  you want to be involved in the biggest events you possibly can. Its a long way down the line but were building and were certainly going in the right direction.
A Perth man has pleaded guilty after downing a bottle of vodka at Auckland Airport and groping the breast of a female passenger on his Qantas flight home. The New Zealand Herald reports that Milinda Gunasekera 32 was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29 and was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip. The Qantas flight was taxiing to the runway when the alleged incident with a female passenger took place. the West Australian resident was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill  offences carrying a maximum of seven years in jail. But after the file was reviewed by Crown law the charges were amended. Mr Gunasekera will return to New Zealand in June to be sentenced. Gunasekeras lawyer John Munro said his client could not remember anything of what happened at all. In that time he as attended a residential rehabilitation programme which he paid for himself.
Malky Mackays bid to rescue his managerial career was left in tatters on Monday night after he was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic. Wigan manager Malky Mackay has been sacked after just five months in charge with Wigan facing relegation . The Scot remains under investigation by the FA and Mondays developments will not alter the speed in which his case is dealt with. Sharpe 23 looked forlorn after defeat against Derby and made a snap decision to axe the boss just a month into the new role. They must win their next two games against Fulham and Millwall to stand any chance of survival. John Doolan who formed part of Uwe Roslers backroom staff at Wigan is first team coach to Stubbs. Explayer Danny Wilson presents another option. Sportsmail understands Mackay was close to suffering the sack back in February but victory away at Reading granted him a stay of execution. Tan controversially decides that the clubs shirts should be changed from blue to red and the traditional bluebird emblem swapped for a dragon  causing huge unrest among the Cardiff supporters. December 27 Mackay is eventually dismissed as Cardiff manager.
Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff sees no reason to go cap in hand to the powers that be within the German giant and demand extra revenue to fight off the new threat of Ferrari. From out of the blue it was the scarlet red of Ferrari that was back on the top step of the podium for the first time in almost two years last time out in Malaysia pushing reigning champion Lewis Hamilton and teammate Nico Rosberg down to second and third. From the threat of another Silver Arrowsdominated campaign in the wake of last years stunning success and crushing start to the season in Australia Formula One was provided with a muchneeded tonic with Ferraris return to winning ways courtesy of Sebastian Vettel. But a dismissive Wolff said We have everything we need. We are back into a regular racing season where you have more than just one contender and more than onetwos every single weekend. Our opposition has raised its game and we must now raise ours even further. Hamilton is a threetime winner at the Shanghai International Circuit  including last year  whilst he has been on the podium on three other occasions.
The head of an elite Victorian private school has resigned after a photograph of him looking at pornography on his work commuter circulated on social media. Andrew Barr principal of The Geelong College southwest of Melbourne was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office. The school council launched an investigation which included a search of Mr Barrs computer after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat. The matter was taken very seriously Dr Seward said. Just before Easter The Geelong College council became aware of a matter of concern that might constitute a breach of our standards. In the two years since his appointment Mr Barr has made an enduring contribution to the Colleges educational vision and future planning.
A woman made a horrifying discovery when she opened a taped cardboard box labeled stuff animals only to find three puppies covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion. The eightweekold Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees. The puppies have worms and are malnourished and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage according to McKamey Animal Center where the dogs are being treated. Scroll down for video . The good Samaritan who has not been identified was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs. They had been there for a while Chelsea Fogal veterinarian at McKamey Animal Center told WTVC. But I think these guys really lucked out that someone a Good Samaritan came along and found them. An animal service officer investigating the case said they have dozens of leads regarding the incident .
Facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless. The social media site deemed the clip which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio as containing potentially offensive nudity. The video had already had 30000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday. Scroll down for video . MaryAnn Marshall called it a Typical misapplication of standards. The shows cocreator Rachel Clements told the Sydney Morning Herald Ive moved from anger to disappointment to just bewilderment really Clements said. Its ridiculous. Check it out and share if you can while you still can! she wrote. The show will first air on 930pm on April 29 2015. In March Facebook posted a blog explaining their community standards. The comedy is about an Alice Springsbased Aboriginal radio station 8MMM where black and whitefella work . We also allow photographs of paintings sculptures and other art that depicts nude figures. Explicit images of sexual intercourse are prohibited.
A Chineseborn American geologist was deported and returned to his Texas home following his release from prison in China after serving nearly eight years on charges of illegally procuring state secrets. Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijings No. 2 Prison. He served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior. The foundation has long advocated on Xues behalf. His case raised questions about whether normal business activities elsewhere might conflict with Chinas vague state security laws. Supporters also said Xue was physically abused in detention and denied proper legal rights. Tong Wei the lawyer for the jailed American geologist seen leaving Beijing High Peoples Court in 2011 . The verdict said Xue received documents on geological conditions of onshore oil wells and a database that gave the coordinates of more than 30000 oil and gas wells belonging to China National Petroleum Corp. and listed subsidiary PetroChina Ltd.
A student expelled from George Mason University for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name arguing that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing not sexual assault. A hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday in Alexandria. The exstudent has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy. The university is demanding he identify himself publicly despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted. The University of Virginia implemented changes in its sexual misconduct policy in the aftermath of a nowdiscredited Rolling Stone article alleging that school officials were indifferent to allegations that a student had been raped at a fraternity party. Later that night the two engaged in a second sex act in which the male student asked her if she was interested and she replied I dont know. A threeperson panel cleared him of any wrongdoing according to the suit. A GMU spokeswoman declined comment on the lawsuit.
A top justice judge has said that Australian women should have the choice to be paid to be a surrogate mother. Speaking at the University of Queensland in Brisbane on Friday night Justice Diana Bryant told a room full of journalists that surrogacy laws currently in place need a major overhaul to prevent cases of abandonment. She said she believes that because commercial surrogacy is banned in Australia hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas. Scroll down for video . If we allow it in Australia we then can regulate it and ensure that its done on ethical terms. The couple reportedly told staff they wanted a baby girl to complete their family. The Farnells returned to Australia with Gammys twin sister Pipah while Ms Chanbua remained with Gammy in Thailands Chonburi province. Mr Farnell a convicted child sex offender retained custody of Pipah late last year after an investigation by the WA Department for Child Protection. Following these cases the Thai government passed a law criminalising surrogacy and prohibiting foreigners from seeking surrogacy services.
What would high fashion adverts look like if the designers used real women rather than teenage models or celebrity faces to showcase their latest clothing and beauty lines? Photo stylist Nathalie Croquet from Paris has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF. The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy Lancome Lanvin and Acne. Scroll down for video . So I am the person who has ideas for ad campaigns. ELEVENPARIS In this image a smiling Nathalie emulates the pose Kate Moss adopted for the French brand . She told Buzzfeed I dont really see myself. You know like how you dont recognize your voice in a telephone message? She continued I feel people need a more spiritual approach to life and good fun. Changed clothes and accessories digital retouching skin cleansed faked decor body stretched it is only when we take a closer look at these images that we get the full measure. The brazilian supermodel posed on the floor in this black and white Isabel Marant advert . Her makeup was done by Cyril Nesmon whilst Rodolphe Farmer styled her hair.
Ronald Koeman is looking forward to this weekends special match against Tottenham ahead of which the Southampton manager praised the great job predecessor Mauricio Pochettino did at St Marys. The former Argentina defender ended a 16month stint on the south coast last summer to sign a fiveyear deal at White Hart Lane. Pochettinos exit was the catalyst to an unparalleled talent drain from St Marys although successor Koeman has not only steered the club to calmer waters but to new heights. Pochettino left managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur . Southampton fullback Nathaniel Clyne left tussles for possession with Stokes Steven Nzonzi right Stoke forward Jonathan Walters dribbles ahead of Southamptons Maya Yoshida right in their last game . With five matches remaining Saints are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth and can usurp them in the European spots with victory in Saturdays early kickoff. I think the rest of the players had really a good aspiration and ambition to do a good season to play a good season at a good level. I took that over and maybe we were different in some details.
Teachers complained they are now expected to be frontline stormtroppers in the fight against Islamist extremism in school a conference has heard. They said they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions as a result of newcounter terrorism rules. The National Union of Teachers NUT suggested that Government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead shut down debate in schools. Teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions. Scroll down for video . When the pupil was questioned he asked how he could argue against something if he did not understand it. Delegates at the annual conference in Harrogate North Yorkshire raised concerns about the move to require schools to promote fundamental British values as well as the Governments Prevent strategy which is aimed at tackling extremism. Schools are places where that discussion on ethical and political issues should take place in an environment of enquiry and it may be an environment where young people say things we dont like or say things that concern us that we want to address with them that we want to discuss with them.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Mens Clay Court Championship in Houston Texas. Bush 90 fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath. Smiling and enjoying the fresh air he seemed to be in better spirits. He and his wife have attended many ATP fundraisers and charity events throughout the years. Bush seated arrives just before the quarterfinal match between Jeremy Chardy of France and Kevin Anderson from South Africa was suspended by rain . Roy Emerson 78 who owns 28 major singles and doubles championships is also a big fan and makes an annual appearance at the tournament. Bush spent Christmas 2012 in intensive care at the same hospital while being treated for a bronchitisrelated cough and other issues.
Jenna Bush Hager is pregnant with her second child and revealed the news live on this mornings Today show. The 33yearold and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter Mila who turns two later this month and the youngster was onhand to help her mother announce the familys exciting news. During a segment in which adventure correspondent Jenna was discussing what her next adventure for the show would be she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy asking Mila who was in there before the toddler told the world that it was her baby sissy. Congrats! She added about her daughters reaction to the news Shes excited shes so cute. She keeps saying baby sissy baby sissy! We were thrilled but shocked. Double the trouble double the fun! trustmeiknow sic Don tweeted prompting Jenna to reply Studio1ADon thanks!! I need parenting tips. Ha. Some people will do anything to get out of a roller coaster ride Matt Lauer joked after hearing the news. My heart is full.
Incredible pictures have shown the moment ferocious red sandstorms currently engulfing China devoured a city in the countrys north west. Chinas pollution hit cities are now having to cope with a fresh nuisance after the fourth massive sandstorm struck the northwest of the country this year alone. The images show the city of Golmud in the countrys north west Qinghai Province as it succumbs to a sweeping halfhour sandstorm which reduced the visibility to as little as 30 metres according to The Peoples Daily Online. Chinas fourtier colourcoded weather warning system signifies red as the most severe followed by orange yellow and blue. A local meteorologist said visibility was reduced to less than 50metres in downtown areas. It also forced the closure of the nearby Mogao Grottoes. The site is a UNESCO world heritage tourist site renowned for its massive sculptures and frescoes carved in caves along a cliff. Traffic was brought to a standstill and residents fled for cover when the storm hit . Cars switched on their lights in order to navigate their way through the billowing sand cloud .
CNNMalala Yousafzais stellar career has included a Nobel Peace Prize. Last week she made it into outer space. A NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from Pakistan who was gravely wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls to go to school. It took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago. But Malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause. After reading her story scientist Amy Mainzer who also consults for PBS on a childrens educational science show decided Malala deserved to be immortalized. Thousands of asteroids swarm through the solar system mainly between Mars and Jupiter. Mainzer gave it the name 316201 Malala or 2010 ML48. It is about 4 kilometers in diameter and its surface is very dark the color of printer toner. We desperately need the brainpower of all smart people to solve some of humanitys most difficult problems and we cant afford to reject half the populations Mainzer wrote.
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be after the England youngster revealed this week that he had rejected a 100000aweek deal at Anfield. Owen like Sterling started his senior career at Liverpool but eventually moved on to Real Madrid in 2004. But he says the 20yearold is not good enough to make the same move to the Spanish capital. Chelsea Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested in the hottest property in English football but Liverpool are determined not to let one of their star players leave even with his contract expiring at the end of next season. If the club created top players from nothing then everyone would make it. A club is quick to get rid of a player when they dont serve a purpose anymore so why should a player not do whats best for him when the boot is on the other foot? But he is still a notch or two off being world class.
One problem with space travel is that humans arent very good at coping with reduced gravity  their bones and muscles deteriorate over time. But one company says they have an answer  a giant rotating space cylinder that can create artificial gravity. Scroll down for video . A Washington DCbased company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station. The final design would be 330ft 100 metres in diameter and 1310ft 400 metres long. Orbiting HotelCasino3D Sports Arena . Rescue vehicle . Continuously looping space ferry system . Mining vehicleplatform . Manufacturing platform . Biomedical researchmanufacturing . Meanwhile on the ISS the station is in constant freefall towards Earth as it orbits the planet  so the astronauts live in zerogravity. This smaller structure would cost between 3.5 and 7 billion 5 and 10 billion and could be built in the next 10 years. It would take just 12 to 18 months to build according to Mr Kemp. Rotation to provide artificial gravity will counteract most if not all of the negative effects of microg he said.
The heartbroken mother of a unarmed teen who was shot dead by police has revealed the last words her son spoke as he lay dying in an ambulance. Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach California police officer who allegedly thought the 19yearold was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. When he saw her he propped himself partially up and cried to her Mommy Mommy please come please come! Its a tough thing to live with as a parent said Mercado. She is deeply in shock. The Press Telegram reports that according to the statement Lucia Morejon asked what happened but was not given any information. When they attended they saw there was an open window and a broken window. No weapons were found at the scene. Megan Zabel a Police Department spokeswoman told the LA Times. In addition all officer involved shootings where a death occurs are independently investigated by the Los Angeles County District Attorneys Office and the Los Angeles County Coroners Office.
He donned a superhero costume during his radiotherapy treatment to help him feel brave . After Harleys story made headlines around the world staff at childrens TV channel Nickelodeon even sent Harley a box full of Ninja Turtle presents for Christmas. Mr Renshaw said Were chuffed to bits. Harley is doing great. Finally he and his parents were given the incredible news that he was cancerfree. Most children diagnosed with the disease are younger than five years old. Neuroblastoma commonly occurs in either one of the two adrenal glands in a childs tummy or in nerve tissue that runs alongside the spinal cord in the neck chest abdomen or pelvis. The first signs can be vague and include tiredness a loss of appetite and pain in the bones. Source Macmillan Cancer Support .
The mother of a missing 15yearold autistic girl has made a desperate plea for help after her daughter disappeared while out walking a week ago. Teenager Kimberly Greenberg became angry and left her Santa Monica home to calm down about 8.30pm on March 24 but never returned. Her mother Janice Greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help as the teenager described as having the mental capacity of an eightyearold has gone missing without her cellphone or medication. She told NBC Los Angeles that she adopted Kimberly eight years ago and the area they lived in was what the teenager considered her safe place. It is the worst thing you could ever imagine happening she said. Absolutely horrific. Theres no getting through the day  theres no explaining it. She stands 4feet 10inches tall and weights approximately 110pounds. Anyone with information about her whereabouts should contact the LAPD Pacific Division Watch Commander at 310 4826371. During nonbusiness hours or on weekends calls should be directed to 1877LAPD247 8775273247. Those wishing to remain anonymous can also call Crime Stoppers at 1800222TIPS 8002228477.
CNNGastrointestinal illness has gripped 100 people on the cruise ship Celebrity Infinity according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control. Of the ships 2117 passengers 95 have suffered from vomiting diarrhea and other symptoms the CDC said. The illness has also affected five members of the 964person crew. The CDC has yet to determine whats causing the ailments. The Infinity left San Diego on March 29. It made its last stop in Puerto Vallarta Mexico on April 10 according to MarineTraffic.com. The ship was built in 2001 and refurbished in 2011.
The surviving daughters of a mother who has been imprisoned for strangling six of her children to death moments after they were born are standing by their murderous mom. Megan Huntsman 40 is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in Pleasant Grove Utah. A judge today handed Huntsman six sentences of five years to life  but family members rallied round her even as her cold and calculated crimes were recounted to the court. Scroll down for video . Three will run consecutively which means she will spend at least 15 years in prison  and likely much longer. Grisly Investigators are shown above searching Huntsmans garage where a total of seven baby corpses were found in cardboard boxes. Unwitting West pictured after the sentencing is thought not have known nothing about the murders . According to stunned neighbors when she was arrested Huntsman was perpetually slim and they would never have suspected she was pregnant.
Oskar Groening pictured earlier in the hearing is being tried on 300000 counts of accessory to murder and faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted . An Auschwitz survivor who lost 49 family members in the Holocaust says the fact that a 93yearold former guard at the death camp is on trial is more important than any punishment. Eva PusztaiFahidi who lost her parents and sister told the Lueneburg state court today that seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is a kind of satisfaction. Her comments come after another Holocaust survivor angered her fellow plaintiffs by forgiving Groening  known as the bookkeeper of death  and said he should not be prosecuted. Prosecutors argue his role sorting prisoners stolen valuables to which he admits helped the death camp function. Scroll down for video . But if Mrs Kor says these prosecutions must stop then she should not have become a coplaintiff. We want justice and we welcome the resolution that this trial brings. Liberation Auschwitz survivors during the first hours of the concentration camps liberation in January 1945 . She added I dont forget what they have done to me. It was a strange reaction!!
Wilsons body was found in rural Brown County about 10 miles from the campus on Friday morning after a night out. Circumstances of her disappearance are eerily similar to the case of 20yearold Spierer police told Fox59 and they will be looking into the case again. Her body was found near Lake Lemon at around 8.30am. Her only other injuries were superficial abrasions and bruises that the coroner said were protective rather than defensive wounds. When Daniel Messel arrived back home he was arrested by police he said. Troopers have confiscated his computer phone and vehicle. H . Heartbroken Thousands of students assembled on Saturday evening at Indiana Universitys Alumni Hall for an emotional vigil to remember the beloved 22yearold student . So far the fund has collected 5025 in donations. Hensley wrote We have suffered a tragic loss within our community this past weekend with the horrifying death of Hannah Wilson. 24000 dollars would pay for one full year of room and board for Haley.
If you struggle to get your child to go to school in the morning dont blame them  it could be your fault. Our willingness to learn  or lack thereof  is significantly influenced by our genes according to a large study. More than 13000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research stock image shown Psychologists from Goldsmiths University of London and Ohio State University in the US studied more than 13000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries including the UK Canada Japan Germany Russia and the US. Instead genetics and nonsharedenvironment factors had the largest effect on the childrens motivation to learn whereas the shared environment had negligible impact. The research also claims that girls do better at all ages in all subjects and all over the world. We had pretty consistent findings across these different countries with their different educational systems and different cultures said Professor Stephen Petrill of Ohio State University. It was surprising. We found that there are personality differences that people inherit that have a major impact on motivation.
CNNSilent almost shy as she headed into Manhattan Criminal Court Ailina Tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival prosecutors say. According to a criminal complaint Tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer saying Leave my man alone. Stop looking for him. ... I know people that can put a bomb where you live she said according to the complaint. Police shot and killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev 26 during the manhunt and later captured Dzhokhar who is now on trial. Tsarnaevs lawyers dont dispute that he did it. Defense rests in Boston Marathon bombing trial . Her older sister Bella was charged with marijuana possession and intent to distribute after a 2012 arrest and she entered a pretrial intervention program. Even their mother Zubeidat Tsarnaeva has had issues with the law. Russia raised concerns to U.S. authorities about her in 2011 at the same time they asked the United States about her son Tamerlan several sources told CNN shortly after the 2013 attack. The radicalization of Tsarnaev . Closing arguments are expected Monday.
Russia yesterday lifted a ban on supplying Iran with an air defence missile system which could be used to protect nuclear sites. Vladimir Putin gave the goahead for the deal with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S300 missile equipment promptly. The move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons. Moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to Iran in 2010 after the United Nations imposed sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear programme barring hitech weapons sales. The framework deal reached this month intended to significantly restrict Irans ability to produce nuclear weapons while giving it relief from international sanctions. The negotiations have been heavily criticised by Israel which has warned against Iran having any nuclear activities. The announcement comes as the U.S. slammed Russia for flying a fighter jet close to a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an unsafe and unprofessional manner last week. Russian officials reportedly denied their pilot did anything wrong.
A fiery stoush has erupted between the chief executive of Rupert Murdochs media empire in Australia and a senator who questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multimillion dollar loss. During a tumultuous day of proceedings at a corporate tax inquiry in Sydney today News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne about why The Australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable. Youre a minority Mr Clarke fired back. Not from the number of people who buy your newspaper Ms Milne responded. Scroll down for video . Im sorry? How many do we sell a day? The paper was reportedly hoping to half that loss in the 201314 financial year. Google Australias managing director Maile Carnegie centre Microsofts Bill Semple and Apple Australia Vice President Tony King are pictured fronting todays inquiry . Committee chairman Sam Dastyari had written to Mr Jordan on Tuesday requesting he reveal the names. The Treasurer has been consulted about making these PII public interest immunity claims and has endorsed them being made by me as an independent statutory office holder.
Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew insists he is not interested in raiding former club Newcastle for Tim Krul and is disappointed that reports emerged suggesting he was planning a move. Pardew is planning a busy summer in the transfer market after taking over at Palace and leading the team on an incredible run of form that has pulled them away from the relegation zone. The 53yearold made the shock decision to leave Newcastle for the south London club in January but maintains that he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni. Im surprised at that. Its unwelcome. Ive got a great relationship with my goalkeeper here. Were fortunate of the location we have and the crowd we get. Theres an opportunity to move forward quickly. Whether thats buying a player from Rotherham for 100000 or a player from Inter Milan for 8million well do whats right for the club.
CNNIn a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in Haiti in 2010 a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on Earth today. The latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9 which would actually makes it about 40 larger than the 7.8 currently being reported. Thats less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934 which killed around 10000 people. Unfortunately it is quite possible the number of dead in Kathmandu could rise to match it. We knew this disaster was coming eventually. Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earths plates are moving and we know that the entire subcontinent of India is being driven slowly but surely underneath Nepal and Tibet at a speed of around 1.8 inches per year. Its the reason Everest exists. Latest updates on Nepal earthquake . Fallen Nepals historic landmarks . Sometimes energy stored in the spring gets big enough to slip catastrophically releasing all that pentup strain and generating shaking strong enough to destroy buildings and kill people over a huge area. What used to take months of careful academic study now takes minutes of computation.
Adnan Januzaj swapped the lush turf of Old Trafford for the green baize at Sheffield when he turned up at the snooker World Championships on Wednesday. The Manchester United winger who has endured a frustrating season under Louis van Gaal had turned out for the Under 21 side at Fulham on Tuesday night amid reports he could be farmed out on loan next season. But Januzaj may want to consider trying his hand at another sport after displaying his silky skillls on a mini pool table. The 20yearold Belgium international was at the Crucible to cheer on his friend Shaun Murphy in his quarterfinal against Anthony McGill. The 2005 winner moved a step closer to an elusive second title in Sheffield with a 138 victory sealed with a 67 break. Three centuries in the match and the way he accelerated away from 66 showed Murphy is a man to fear and next for him will be Neil Robertson or Barry Hawkins.
CNNDonald Sterlings racist remarks cost him an NBA team last year. But now its his former female companion who has lost big. A Los Angeles judge has ordered V. Stiviano to pay back more than 2.6 million in gifts after Sterlings wife sued her. In the lawsuit Rochelle Shelly Sterling accused Stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men. She claimed Donald Sterling used the couples money to buy Stiviano a Ferrari two Bentleys and a Range Rover and that he helped her get a 1.8 million duplex. Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision Tuesday her lawyer told CNN affiliate KABC. It also sets a precedent that the injured spouse can recover damages from the recipient of these illbegotten gifts. Stivianos gifts from Donald Sterling didnt just include uberexpensive items like luxury cars. According to the Los Angeles Times the list also includes a 391 Easter bunny costume a 299 twospeed blender and a 12 lace thong. In your lousy fing Instagrams you dont have to have yourself with  walking with black people Sterling said in the audio first posted by TMZ. Fact check Donald Sterlings claims vs. reality . CNNs Dottie Evans contributed to this report.
Shes a glamorous model making her name by spinning records in Londons party scene but until she was 18 Munroe Bergdorf was a boy called Ian. The beautiful DJ 27 from east London has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London  made famous by megastar Rihanna. But now shes speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens. Scroll down for video . I went to a very conservative all boys school that specialised in rugby  and I got picked on for being quite effeminate. But I remember being about 17 and wondering how different my life would be if I didnt care what people think. Munroe pictured at a party last year began her transition at the age of 19 and at 25 years old was offered hormones by her doctor . I also do a bit of modelling from time to time. As soon as I noticed the change in myself it was like I wasnt ashamed any more she said. Im so much happier now than I was growing up.
The Arsenal manager will have a hearttoheart chat with the forward ahead of Saturdays crunch topfour clash against Liverpool. Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of Englands 11 draw in Italy on Tuesday night. 2  Premier League goals for Walcott this season  his average haul per season during his time at Arsenal is 5.6. With Alex OxladeChamberlain out of Liverpools visit due to a hamstring strain and Danny Welbeck a major doubt after sustaining a knee problem on international duty Walcott could start on Saturday. But Wenger said Yes Im worried about Theos confidence. We always have a word if it is a positive experience or a negative experience you ask how did it go?. He needs patience. Hes not a guy who provides. Its maybe because Wayne Rooney took the initiative during the game to play higher up and tell Theo to drop back. Dyke believes increasing the number of British players in squads will help contribute to a more successful England team. I think between 16 and 21 the English youth teams until now have not performed. Nobody stops the quality no matter where they are from. So lets focus on that first.
With its gritty blocks of flats endless kebab shops and quirkily dressed locals Shoreditch Londons hipster hub might have been gentrified but its still the last place you would expect to find a royal. But that all changed last night when Princess Beatrice gave the area her seal of approval courtesy of a night spent partying at Shoreditch House. The 26yearold royal was joined by boyfriend Virgin Galactics Dave Clark 31 and looked glamorous in her kneelength black leather dress. Scroll down for video . Looking good Princess Beatrice cut a glamorous figure as she left Shoreditch House . Joseph ALine dress currently sold out . Check out our alternatives below! Visit site . A classic and chic alternative to a basic LBD with a round neckseamed paneling and a zip to fasten at back. Loves it! Susana Monaco Nina Lasercut Faux Leather Dress at Saks Off Fifth now 169 . Many of the locals work in fashion with London Fashion Week favourite Erdem Moralıoğlu among those living nearby. Familiar sight Beatrice has become a familiar sight on the London fashion scene of late .
Police investigating the murder of a fivemonthold baby have today arrested her parents. The childs father 25 and mother 25 from Perry Barr Birmingham were held after their daughter died yesterday afternoon. Police were called to their home at just before 1am yesterday morning because the baby was said to be suffering breathing difficulties. The child was taken to Birmingham Childrens Hospital but died hours later. A spokesman for West Midlands Police said The death is being treated as suspicious a post mortem will take place today to establish the exact cause of death. A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman added We sent a paramedic in a rapid response vehicle and an ambulance crew was also in attendance. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
CNNFastfood outlet Burger King will sponsor the wedding of an Illinois couple. Not just any couple  these are the nuptials of Joel Burger and Ashley King. They accepted the restaurant chains offer to pay for their July affair on Monday. We are very appreciative of Burger King and cant thank them enough for their generosity! said King. It all started after their engagement in October. The motivational speaker wasnt too far off  a merger was in the works. The two became friends by high school then dated in college. When the time came to propose Joel took me out on his boat to go fishing and he popped the question while we were on the water.
The son of the Canadian Consul General in Miami is behind bars after a gunfight erupted on Monday and her other son is dead. Marc Wabafiyebazu 15 has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean 17 was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in Miami. Scroll down for video . Gunfire broke out soon after they entered and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed while Anthony Rodriguez was wounded. Rodriguez has also been charged with possession of marijuana with intent to sell. The boys father Germano Wabafiyebazu told Global News that he does not think Marc had anything to do with this tragedy and that he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. They went to school went home went to school.
Horticulturalists have urged people to halt the grey sprawl in Britain which is seeing grass and flowers in front gardens replaced by concrete. More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over  raising the risk of flooding and reducing available habitats for wildlife. And there are not just environmental consequences of replacing grass and wild flowers with brick as the sight of a green garden is said to boost peoples mood. Alistair Griffiths RHS director of science and collections said Many of us get a boost by simply looking at a beautiful garden or having access to green space. The society has issued advise for people to transform their gardens by planting a tree hedge and a shrub . The RHS says replace paving with plants . a climber  cool buildings . a perennial plant  reduce pressure on drains which can lead to flash flooding .
The Hollywood ReporterThe original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime. The stars have teamed together for a video backing the shows cocreator with a SaveTwinPeaks campaign that says doing the revival without Lynch is like pies without cherries among other nods to the original drama series. Sherilyn Fenn Sheryl Lee James Marshall Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video. Some members have also set up a Facebook page. Showtime renews Shameless orders Happyish to series . Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtimes nineepisode revival over a salary dispute. He originally signed on to direct the project but noted that there was not enough money offered to do the script the way I felt needed to be done. Showtime chief on Twin Peaks plans Homeland backlash and free speech . All rights reserved.
Former paramedic Crsity Collins had admitted that she used ice while driving and treating patients in an effort to raise awareness about the damaging drug . A former ice addict who worked as a paramedic while high on the drug has made her story public in an attempt to raise awareness of the illegal substance and the lack of support available for its victims. Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to 500 a week to keep up her drug habit. Not once was I ever asked are you on meth or taking drugs or are you having a drug induced psychosis or should we get a social worker or a psych assessment. I dont know if they were trying to protect me because I was in the ambulance service but either way they shouldnt have been protecting me because firstly I was dealing with people and patients and secondly like anyone else I deserve the best treatment and care. I didnt have any friends that werent using drugs. Everyone had it around. Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs . I never felt affected.
Barcelonas 10 La Liga victory against Celta Vigo on Sunday evening featured one of the most bizarre incidents of the season so far. With the score at 10 following Jeremy Mathieus 73rd minute header tempers flared between Celta striker Fabian Orellana and Sergio Busquets as the Barcelona midfielder attempted to waste time during the closing stages. Orellana remonstrated angrily with the match officials before grabbing a lump of grass from the floor and throwing it in the direction of Busquets. Referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido right brandishes a straight red card following the incident . Orellana right leaves the field in anger after being given his marching orders . Luis Enriques side huffed and puffed towards the final whistle but earned a crucial three points following Real Madrids impressive 91 victory against Granada earlier on Sunday.
A Lithuanian talk show has accused Norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle the highest rate of inbreeding in the world. The episode of An Hour with Ruta which aired on independent TV channel LNK last week claimed that foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents to strengthen the Nordic countrys genetic material. An introduction to the chat show argued that Norways Child Protection Service Barnevernet argued that it was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children which were seen as a soughtafter commodity. Neringa Ozolina a Lithuanian based in Ålesund said The birth rate is the lowest in Norway according to a report by The Local. Earlier this year Lithuanias Gražina Leščinskiene pictured hit local headlines after her son Gabrieliaus was taken into care by Norways Child Protection Service . She claimed he had been taken from her after displaying what was deemed to be sexualised behaviour which included frequent visits to the toilet and sniffing his hands. Russian authorities have also attacked Norway over its seizure of children from their Russianspeaking families.
The 150 people killed in the Germanwings air disaster in the French Alps have been remembered at a memorial service in Germany today. The Cardinal who led the service at the historic Cologne cathedral urged forgiveness for all of the victims  including copilot Andreas Lubitz who is widely blamed for deliberately crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit. An investigation into the disaster revealed that Lubitz previously suffered from severe depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide. German President Joachim Gauck said the tragedy had not only provoked grief and sorrow adding Were being confronted with a disturbing act of destruction. Upset Meanwhile hundreds of emotional locals pictured gathered to watch and listen to the memorial service outside the cathedral . Greetings NorthRhine Westphalias Prime Minister Hannelore Kraft centre welcomed Lufthansa boss Spohr ahead of the ceremony which will be broadcast nationwide . Tragedy Le Vernet mayor Francois Balique left Seyne les Alpes Mayor Francis Hermitte right and PradsHauteBleone Mayor Bernard Bartolini right  who preside over the area where the plane crashed  were also in attendance . We all feel touched by this horrible catastrophe.
A pound will buy you one and a half tins of beans two packets of crisps  or an airport in Spain. Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more 1billion  Spains economy having taken off  but was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties. Scroll down for video . Rubble The control tower stands proudly above the waste . Haunting The terminal where 5 million passengers should be passing through each year is eerily empty . However there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price theolivepress.com reported. It was projected to take the overflow from Madrids Barajas airport some 150 miles to the north Ciudad Reals flagship transport hub was to be a symbol of modern Spains affluence. For many months the only flights were those of private jets reportedly including Prince Harry on his way to a boar hunt on land nearby owned by the Duke of Westminster. A high speed train accelerates past the airport which closed in 2012 . The Socialist regional government spent millions propping up the venue . In October 2011 it saw its final commercial flight by Vueling.
Some 35000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities. Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2. This years theme is GimmeFive which is part of Mrs. Obamas campaign to try to get young people to be more active and lead healthier lives. However President Obama did confess to having a bit of notsohealthy Easter chocolate when asked by a reporter at the event. I had a few I have to admit Mr Obama said. Notably not in attendance were first daughters Sasha 13 and Malia 16 Obama. Let the wild rumpus start! Each year the president reads the book which was a childhood favorite . Its a race! Oh say can they sing!
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie wasnt looking too presidential Tuesday night when he got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting. And now the states largest teachers union is calling him out for his bullying behavior. Hes always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association told NJ.com. Its the one thing that never seems to change. Scroll Down for Video . Do you? a defensive Christie quickly responded. Really? Mooney started to respond but not before being cut off by the governor. A good deal? Mooney questioned Christies decisionmaking behind a 225million legal settlement. The state originally wanted 8.9billion from the oil company and Mooney says that would have had a huge impact on pensions for public employees . I wanna know how you know that. Because youre a teacher and youre standing in front of students every day conveying to them facts  things that they need to learn.
New York City cab drivers spend their entire work days eavesdropping on their customers conversations so its no surprise that many of them have learned a thing or two about love and relationships along the way. With that in mind New Yorkbased writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice in hopes unlocking the key to a successful union. The drivers many of whom are married themselves revealed their personal tips life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love which Danielle then shared on YourTango. A 60yearold named Michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wifes happiness above his own  but insists that what really makes a relationship work is finding a partner who will do the same for you. If youre always thinking How can I make the other person happy? Carl 44 encouraged singletons to embrace their failed relationships because not everyone is going to be the one. And while marrying a complete stranger may seem absurd FYIs popular reality show Married at First Sight which is in its second season enlists participants to do just that.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this weeks Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa Arizona which will be his first meet since serving a sixmonth ban following a drunkdriving conviction. Phelps who was suspended last year by USA Swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges is entered in the 100meter butterfly on Thursday 100m backstroke and 400m freestyle on Friday and 200m individual medley and 100m freestyle on Saturday. The April 1518 meet has attracted some of the top U.S. swimmers including Phelpss chief rival Ryan Lochte who is entered in the same five events. It will be familiar surroundings for Phelps an 18time Olympic gold medallist who ended his twoyear retirement in 2014 at Mesa sparking speculation that he is considering an Olympic comeback at the 2016 Rio Games. Following his arrest last September the 29yearold swimmer entered a rehabilitation program and in February announced his engagement to Nicole Johnson a former Miss California USA. Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals 18 golds but was banned from swimming in September .
In a world where online shopping is king Toshiba hopes technology can change the in store experience  with a roboassistant. The firms humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo to help customers find their way around. The femalelooking robot named Aiko Chihira will only speak Japanese  but she is also capable of sign language. Scroll down for video . Instead the robot was created to appear talk and move as humanly as possible. Chihira blinks bows and moves its mouth and lips smoothly while speaking. One of the most popular devices there was TE Connectivitys dinosaur robot the TE Saurus which lets users experience a close encounter with a 6ft 11 2.1 metretall reptile droid. The Murata Cheerleaders were built by Murata Manufacturing. They remain upright due to three advanced gyro sensors which incorporate invertedpendulum control technology to detect tilt angles. Similar gyro sensors are commonly used in digital cameras car navigation systems and more recently the electronic stability control ESC systems that prevent cars from skidding. Meanwhile a group of 14inch 36cm tall cheerleader robots showcased their flawless choreography.
At last after months of grey skies and miserable weather the sun is out. If you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip there are a few places you could try. Lidos which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration are a good first port of call. Scroll down for video . It was built in 1935 and underwent a 3.3 million restoration in 2003 to restore it to glory. Lake Windermere Cumbria . Best Western Salutation hotel in Ambleside a mile inland offers keen swimmers a dedicated tour of the best swimming locations and bucolic spots and will provide wetsuits to those who need them. Stonehaven Open Air Pool Aberdeen . Llyn y Fan Fach Brecon Beacons Wales . Brockwell Lido Brockwell Park London . This is the perfect place for family summer outings. Lymington Sea Water Baths Hampshire . The lido overlooks the Solent with stunning seaside views. Nantwich Outdoor Brine Pool Cheshire . Stainforth Force Yorkshire Dales . Dont expect peace and quiet though. An assault course of pools lead their way to a waterfall on the River Ribble just north of Settle.
Dongguan China CNNFor a decade the New South China Mall  the biggest shopping mall in the world  has been an embarrassment for its owners and China. Opened to the public in 2005 in Dongguan in the south of the country the goal was to attract 100000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment shops and eateries. Outside the mall a giant Egyptian sphinx and a replica of the Arc de Triomphe were erected alongside fountains and canals complete with Venetian gondolas. It even boasted an indoor roller coaster. But despite the grand plans neither stores nor shoppers came. When I visited two years ago the mall was deserted. Most units were empty. However a visit in late March revealed a different picture. Screams and laughter can be heard from merrygorounds. Its been a big change. We come here at least once a month now. She said she couldnt offer any more details as she was not authorized to speak with media. Ms Ye head of investments confirmed that business is really great but would not comment further. Im so excited! PICTURES Inside a Chinese ghost city .
A University of South Carolina exsorority girl has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ns were to blame for the campuss poor Internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room. The white female student who has not been identified was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several reasons why USC WiFi blows on the board at the university in Columbia South Carolina. Her reasons included incompetent professors ratchets an overpopulated campus and parking. But at the top of the list was the word ns. Her actions were captured by a fellow student. Scroll down for video . However she is yet to be named by school officials. Protest Duke students Ashton Pemberton left and Denzel Caldwell rally with hundreds of others during a universitywide forum on April 1 outside Duke Chapel after the noose was discovered hanging from a tree .
Peering into the heart of the Milky Way astronomers have spotted the howls of dead stars as they feed on stellar companions. These zombie stars are thought to be leaving a mass grave of white dwarf stars near the centre of the Milky Way. But why there are so many of these stars here  which are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel  remains a mystery. Scroll down for video . The finding published in Nature was made by scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania US using Nasas NuStar telescope. We cant definitively explain the Xray signal yet  its a mystery. More work needs to be done. Smaller stars though will shed their outer layers and leave behind a hot dense core  known as a white dwarf. This new result just reminds us that the galactic center is a bizarre place said coauthor Chuck Hailey of Columbia University.
Former Rangers manager Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for making an impact at Ibrox  but he maintains Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding. McCall has put Rangers in the driving seat for second place in the Scottish Championship and a place in the semifinals of the playoffs after taking over from reluctant caretaker Kenny McDowall. McCoist was put on gardening leave just before Christmas after handing in his notice following threeandahalf difficult seasons in charge under the chaotic reigns of the likes of Craig Whyte and then Charles Green and his allies. But his failure to win a cup competition and his teams style of play drew serious criticism. Smith right attended a John Hartson Foundation golf day to raise money for testicular cancer awareness . Thats the crux of the matter its the circumstances they have been in that have caused them as much trouble as anything else. Id be very surprised if anybody could show me a club that isnt well run that are doing really well. Im not happy to see it because it cost friends of mine their job he said. I think thats to be expected at this stage.
Whether you sprout the odd grey hair spend hours eradicating them or let your silver locks flow free the latest hair trend is good news for women everywhere. Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag grannyhair. Instagram is awash with the grey haired images  from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired Instagrammers. Scroll down for video . This selfie posted by Jennica Gomez of big lips white nails and grey hair creates a cool statement . Batalashbeauty.com posted this image on their Twitter feed showing the a model sporting grey locks . Either way the look has an air of defiant feminism. Men have always enjoyed grey emancipation  the salt and pepper look is often deemed distinguished  whereas womens grey hair is rarely viewed in a flattering light. Dame Judi Dench left and Jamie Lee Curtis right also let their natural tones shine through . Sibi Bolan creative colour director at top hairdressers Hershesons advises thinking carefully before you try the trend at home.
Steaming into action the lovingly restored locomotives of the worlds most popular heritage railway have kicked off their three day spring gala. The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby. In scenes that harked back to a bygone age the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the threeday Spring Steam Gala which saw crowds flock to witness the annual event. Scroll down for video . Early this morning a team of firemen fitters and cleaners lovingly polished the steam trains at Grosmount engine shed in preparation . Star attractions on the first day of the Spring Steam Gala included classic locomotives LNER 61994 The Great Marquess LMS 45407 The Lancashire Fusilier LNER 60007 Sir Nigel Gresley and Standard Class 75029 The Green Knight. The North Yorkshire Moors Railway was amongst 5000 miles of track and 2300 stations closed by Dr Richard Beeching following his report released on March 27 1963. It carries about 350000 passengers over 260 days of the year it is open and employs about 100 fulltime paid staff and hundreds of volunteers .
Looking after elderly parents can be difficult at the best of times. But this man takes caring for his Alzheimerssuffering mother to another level. A security guard from China has touched hearts across the country because he takes his 84yearold mother with him to work on the back of his motorbike every single day reported the Peoples Daily Online. He ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesnt fall off . She would often go up to the mountains to collect firewood and there were a few occasions when she got lost after dark. His wife works in a different city and his son is still in school. He said I was an apple in my mums eye and now shes my apple. He added Only if I see her will I feel relaxed.
CNNA bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on Friday a fiery crash that killed at least 35 people  most of them children  state and local media reported. The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus leaving little more than its frame. Debris scattered across the road while smoke rose into the sky videos posted to social media show. The dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition an eyewitness told 2M TV a Moroccan stateowned network. After the crash photos appeared on social media of young smiling boys in soccer uniforms along with condolence messages such as May God have mercy on them and Oh no they are so young. The crash happened near the city of TanTan just before 7 a.m. the Maghreb Arabe Presse state news agency reported. It said a number of people were also injured. TanTan is near the countrys Atlantic coast more than 450 kilometers about 280 miles southwest of Marrakesh.
A lawsuit filed by former Gossip Girl actress Kelly Rutherford attempting to have a judge order her kids to return to the U.S. from their fathers custody in France has been dismissed once and for all. The case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids son Hermes 8 and daughter Helena 5 to come back to the United States. Scroll down for video . She claimed that no other U.S. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the United States. Giersch who is a German citizen residing in France was deported from the U.S. over allegations of visa fraud. After divorcing in 2010 Rutherford and exhusband Daniel Giersch went through a nasty custody battle which ended with Giersch being awarded custody while the children were to visit Rutherford on vacations . Because of this there will be no intervention and the appeal will be dismissed. Only federal courts can deal with matters of deportation. she argues.
English crickets new broom swept dramatically through the national team on Wednesday night when Paul Downton paid the price for their woeful World Cup by being sacked as managing director. The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing Hugh Morris in the aftermath of the Ashes whitewash. With more sackings inevitable Sportsmail asks Whos next? Alastair Cook . Downton was a supporter of Cook as Test captain but was persuaded to sack him as oneday captain three weeks before the disastrous World Cup campaign. Verdict Vulnerable. Peter Moores . Kevin Pietersen . It is almost inconceivable that barely six months after publishing one of the most vitriolic books in the history of sport this highmaintenance player could be on the brink of a return. James Whitaker . Selections have been difficult to fathom at times and a series of wellpublicised clangers have alienated the selector from players spectators and media.
J.B. Silverthorn got charged with a DUI moments after being convicted for his first on Monday . Police say they repeatedly told J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park New York to not drive home from Grand Island Town Court on Monday night after they noticed he smelled of alcohol and was intoxicated. But the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies. He was also booked for driving without headlights. Hes currently being held in the Erie County jail with his bail set at 1000. It couldnt be determined if he has a lawyer. Silverthorn was deemed guilty this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the Niagara River on December 29.
CNNWhat do Walmart Target and now the Koch Brothers have in common with the American Civil Liberties Union ColorOfChange.org and the Center for American Progress? All of them are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions and leverage untapped potential in the labor market. Koch Industries recent announcement that it will ban the box  i.e. Its one item on a menu of fairchance hiring reforms intended to ensure that job applicants are evaluated on their skills and qualifications first rather than judged solely on past mistakes. These policies help reduce recidivism by making employment accessible to jobseekers who need a second chance and they help break down the stigma of an arrest or conviction record. Millions of people are being left behind and its taking a toll on our economy The reduced economic output of people with records cost our economy 5765 billion in 2008 alone. Thats one reason the AfricanAmerican unemployment rate is persistently twice that of whites. Peter Shumlin Georgia Gov. Already more than 200 organizations and prominent individuals have publicly urged the Obama administration to take these practical steps.
Derby County season ticket holders from the 201011 campaign might struggle to believe it but Alberto Bueno prepares to face his former club Real Madrid on Wednesday as the highestscoring Spanishnational in La Liga with a big money move to Porto waiting for him at the end of the season. Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material. After returning to Valladolid he moved to Rayo Vallecano and at the club with one of the lowest budgets in Spanish football he has had the season of his life. Now Champions League quarterfinalists Porto coached by Spaniard Julen Lopetegui are ready to poach him. Bueno celebrates scoring for Real Madrid against Real Union in November 2008 . AGE 27 . Valladolid 200913 85 apps 13 goals .
The cost of a daily lunchtime takeaway can be crippling and yet instead of making lunches at home the majority of British workers still pop to the high street to grab their midday meal. The meal deal which is not always a meal or a deal has seen us stave off the hunger pangs with soggy sandwiches slimy salads and salty soups spending an average of 1840 a year. But we could save up to 1300 a year if we just prepared our lunch at home. Dont feel like spreading? Try turning toast into a tartine. Looking for something even more exotic? Stuff some dumplings instead. Pita bread with eggs and vegetables right Feta vegetable and rice bake . Ingredients . One pepper 49p each . 200g cherry tomatoes 65p per 300g . Total 4.89 . Crispy mash hash . Four teaspoons frozen chopped garlic 1.25 . Store cupboard essential Olive oil . 70g pack wafer thin ham 0.75 . Smart Price salad bag 0.44 . Heat the oil in a nonstick pan and cook the onion and courgette for about five minutes stirring often. Spring chicken casserole . Loose brown onions 0.16 . 400g can butter beans 0.55 .
Jay Z launched a stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app Tidal after the service launched last month was described as a flop. His social media diatribe comes as reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from moreestablished music outlets such as Spotify and Apple. We may not be perfect  but we are determined he said while claiming that there are many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign. Scroll down for video . Rich getting richer? Equity values... YouTube 390 billion. Tidal 60 million he said. sic.
CNNMuch like the ardent young royalwatchers of today enamored by the Duchess of Cambridges very being I was similarly captivated by Diana Princess of Wales when I was a youngster. She was a rare breed stunningly beautiful immediately accessible witty charming and endearingly mischievous  she was one in a million. Of course that was long before the there were three of us in this marriage so it was a bit crowded interviews and tellall books alleging suicide attempts and acts of betrayal but back then I was unaware of her more scandalous infamy. I simply adored her ... I still do. As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kates second baby potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation and heated debate. In the years since Earl Spencers scathing attack on the Windsors at Dianas funeral the nation has moved on and Dianas legacy has been celebrated. Daily comparisons to her late motherinlaw are already Kates cross to bear. Shouldnt a baby girl be spared the same fate? Dianas tragic untimely death and iconic status will ensure her memory is kept alive for generations to come.
A handwritten book containing notes and calculations made by Alan Turing while he worked on decoding Enigma has been sold at auction for 700000. The 56page document believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript in existence was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park in Buckinghamshire. The notebook in which he details his work on the foundations of mathematical notation and computer science was sold for 1025000 698000 in a Fine Books  Manuscripts Sale at Bonhams in New York on Monday. Scroll down for video . Benedict Cumberbatch who played Turing in the Oscarnominated The Imitation Game said Alan Turing was a war hero who broke the Enigma code helping to bring an end to World War II the father of modern computing science and a gay icon who lived in a time of intolerance and tragically committed suicide as a result. His impact on our everyday lives is enormous and the thought of holding a manuscript by him is thrilling. he wrote. The notes which are highly personal show Turing working through different equations and considering different results . It said the seller wished to remain anonymous.
Tory Cabinet minister Iain Duncan Smith came under fire today after suggesting that zerohours contracts should be renamed flexible hours. Labour leader Ed Miliband today launched his partys manifesto for young people in Lincoln . Under the controversial contracts workers are often told at the end of the week how many hours they can work the following week. This insecurity has exploded on David Camerons watch where we have an economy built on shaky jobs and chronic low pay. If you put lipstick on a pig it is still a pig. Shadow business Secretary Chuka Umunna accused the Tories of being out of touch . Instead of pledging to tackle exploitation in the labour market he refused to even acknowledge there was a problem. And three weeks ago David Cameron said that more people are using food banks because of better advertising  next hell be rebadging them as Big Society supermarkets. Its becoming increasingly clear throughout this campaign that they will only stand up for a privileged few. We need to ban them. .
Shops are full of red dresses this year so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD? Its a colour that radiates energy and sexiness but that can all be wrecked if the style doesnt suit you. We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work  and which absolutely dont. Scroll down for video . I LOOK SO OLD IN THIS! Dress 270 Gina Bacconi at johnlewis.com . Shoes 485 biondacastana.com . The unattractive shade of orangeyred is made worse by the colour of the underslip  a queasy pale peach. The shallow Vneck doesnt enhance my bust the sash creates matronliness and the asymmetric lace around the neckline looks torn. 05 . IT COULD BE DESIGNER . 45 . FIGUREHUGGING FAILSAFE . Several celebs turn to this British brands curvehugging designs with Nigella Lawson a devotee. The hourglass silhouette has me embracing my inner Joan Holloway from Mad Men. TOTAL KNOCKOUT . ONESHOULDER SUPERSTAR . Very Michelle Obama said an onlooker. 55 . CRIMSON NIGHTMARE . 25 .
Gary and Phil Neville Ryan Giggs Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes will no doubt partying hard on Tuesday night after Salford City clinched the EvoStik League First Division North title with the club gaining promotion on a very fitting 92 points. Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 11 with Warrington Town meaning the Manchesterbased club won the title without having to kick a ball. The EvoStik League Northern Premier League is what awaits Salford with the Conference North just one league above but they wont be playing local rivals FC United of Manchester next season after they gained promotion from the division. Philip Neville tweeted this photo of the team celebrating promotion with the caption Party still going!! Scholes and Gary were in attendance for Salfords victory against Clitheroe Town before they made made it eight wins on the bounce the following week away to Burscough. Darlingtons manager Martin Gray showed a real touch of class by personally calling Gary and jointmanager Anthony Johnson to congratulate them of their achievement. The former Everton man said We had become the meddling owners everything we didnt want to be.
Too often cats can be overlooked in favour of their cuter canine counterparts. But a new book Artists And Their Cats is putting felines back on the map. Philadelphiabased artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring wellknown artists with their furry friends. Scroll down for video . In this image Spanish surrealist painter Salvador Dali poses with his cat Babou a Colombian wild cat . Another image shows modernist artist Georgia OKeefe smiling with her cat propped on her shoulder which appears to be of Siamese breed. On the bed is a black cat staring at him and next to it a miniature kitten swamped by the covers. Book illustrator Arthur Rackham pictured left and painter Philip BurneJones pictured right are also featured in the series of intimate photos .
A mother of four has pledged to remove her children from school to attend an ancient Maypole festival  despite facing fines or even prosecution. Anna James 32 has vowed to defy the schools ban on taking her children to the Obby Oss celebrations  claiming the rituals are part of her religion culture and heritage. The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013. Mrs James pictured with her son Ethan far left Piran centre and Sophia right at last years Maypole festival . The annual May 1 celebration is a centuries old tradition involving music and dancing through the streets believed by some to be an ancient pagan fertility ritual which heralds the arrival of spring. The event itself is educational. Bishop Bronescombe School declined to comment. She said We see it as more important than Christmas. They all have a 100 per cent attendance record. I never take them out for a holiday. But everyone in Padstow takes part.
Former Manchester City manager Sven Goran Eriksson delivered a damning verdict on his old club claiming they should be winning the Premier League rather than battling to stay in the top four. City whose current squad cost a total of 368million host West Ham on Sunday but a Champions League spot next year is still in doubt with just four points separating them and fifth place Liverpool with six games to play. Eriksson who was the last manager at City before the club was taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour and his family said they have underperformed given their financial clout. Yaya Toure wore a snood in training on Thursday despite it being the hottest week of the year . City were beaten 42 by fierce rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford last weekend . I dont know what is going wrong but with the money they have spent they have to do better. I suppose it is not good enough. For these rich clubs whose owners invest a huge amount of money they expect to win every year but only one team can win the title.
A professor testifying in a coldcase trial in Southern California said Thursday that she was intimidated into identifying her rapist to the man now charged with killing him in 1995. Norma Esparza who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify said from the stand that her exboyfriend Gianni Van now 45 was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out Gonzalo Ramirez at the bar where she met him. Van is now charged with the murder of Ramirez. I didnt want to see him again. He would rant and just be explosive. Revenge? During opening statements this week Senior Deputy District Attorney Mike Murray showed graphic photos of Ramirezs blindfolded mangled body lying on the side of the road in a pool of blood. Whether Norma Esparza was sexually assaulted or not for our purposes today doesnt matter. Involved? The prosecution alleges Van was aided by his friend Kody Tran center and Trans wife Diane Tran right as well as Trans employee Shannon Gries left. They say he was found having suffered 30 blows from a meat cleaver reports the Orange County Register.
Sky Sports drastic costcutting across the board after paying 11million a match to retain Premier League rights is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield the home nations international Under 16 tournament. The FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event with immediate effect in order to achieve a more varied fixture list including more foreign opposition. But it is understood this surprise move has been prompted by Sky allegedly withdrawing their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes to the format and another backer found. The variety bundle has gone up 7.1 per cent sports by 4 per cent  double for Virgin cable subscribers  the HD pack by 9.8 per cent and the full total by 6.4 per cent . Referee Martin Atkinson travelled in business class on return from Munich . England head coach Peter Moores has influential supporters on board . BT Sport are to broadcast the inaugural European Games in Baku in June having finally agreed terms. Peles London highlife . Later Pele will be going to a party organised by his agents Ten10 where he will be introduced to other clients including Jack Wilshere.
Nicola Sturgeon this afternoon scoffed at claims by Labour leader Ed Miliband that he would never do a deal with the SNP to become Prime Minister  insisting he will change his tune after the election. The Scottish First Minister said Mr Miliband simply wont have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may and reiterated her call for Labour to work together to lock the Tories out. It came after Mr Miliband this morning repeatedly insisted he would not enter into any deal with the SNP after the election  either as a formal Coalition or a looser pact to put him in Number 10. Scroll down for video . Labour leader Ed Miliband and his wife Justine meet Hindu devotees at the Shree Swaminarayan Temple in Willesden Green London today . Ms Sturgeon launched the SNPs youth manifesto today as polls predicted the party would win a landslide victory on May 7 . If there is a minority government if no party has an overall majority then its simply not possible to ignore the views of other parties  I know that I was part of a minority government at the Scottish Parliament.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week giving an interview confirming that he has turned down a new 100000aweek contract and admitting he is quite flattered by interest from Arsenal. Raheem Sterling has been warned about the dangers of leaving Liverpool by his teammate Kolo Toure . It was a similar story for Scott Sinclair. But he too struggled with the competition in Citys squad and moved to West Bromwich Albion on loan last season. The English pair made just nine Barclays Premier League appearances between them across two seasons at the Etihad Stadium. If he went to another club there would be big challenges he would face. The former Everton man now plays for relegationthreatened Sunderland after a tough time at City . Doubts over Arsenals ability to fund a move have seen their interest questioned but they are confident they have the financial firepower to compete for him with the likes of Chelsea and City. Liverpool boss Rodgers said on Thursday Hes got twoandahalf years to go on his deal and hes not going anywhere in the summer.
Wayne Rooney believes Manchester United teammate Marouane Fellaini has gone from Old Trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in Europe. Fellaini was one of the stars of Uniteds Manchester derby demolition of neighbours City on Sunday and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager Louis van Gaal. Now Rooney has revealed his admiration for the former Everton forward saying He is getting used in the right way. He is a handful for defenders to mark. He is probably the best in world football at bringing the ball down and getting us out of that pressure and further up the pitch. On Sunday City couldnt cope with him just as Liverpool had suffered at his hands at Anfield three weeks earlier. This weekend they travel to Chelsea with renewed hope. There is no detail left unturned. We have been prepared really well. We are still learning.
Derry Mathews has won the interim WBA lightweight title after being handed a unanimous points decision over Tony Luis in Liverpool. Mathews saw Richar Abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness to be striped of the belt and just this week replacement Ismael Barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa. Derry Mathews celebrates after victory over Tony Luis at Echo Arena on Saturday night . Luis was drafted in at the last minute and while the Canadian will have won a lot of fans with his relentless style he did not win over the judges and Mathews was handed a 114112 114112 115112 decision. Mathews made the brighter start and kept Luis contained behind the jab while landing a decent uppercut at the end of the second round.
But one thing is for certain it definitely took guts. With a remarkable initiative combining the unlikely bedfellows of fashion and compassion it can be revealed that Prince Andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in Calcutta. Rescued from brothels and domestic servitude child labour and human trafficking the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called Key to Freedom. Moved Prince Andrew during his visit to an Indian refuge in 2012 which inspired him to form the charity . Their kimonos duster coats pyjamas scarves and makeup bags are sold online and on the British High Street by Topshop with the proceeds paid back to the women as a salary. In return he left two copies of Little Reds Summer Adventure a book written by his former wife Sarah. I hope I keep getting orders for my work. Aloka said She now has a bank account like any other working woman. The name Key to Freedom was her idea. Not only did they find the time they were incredibly enthusiastic and remain so today. Since then approximately 4300 items have been sold.
Get ready for the Grand National the highlight of the racing year with our mustwatch preview from the paddock at Aintree. Sportsmails Racing Correspondent Marcus Townend and Britains No 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39strong field for the race and offer their predictions. Will AP McCoys glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor a result that would cause 70000 spectators to raise the roof and wipe out the bookies? Or will one of the other contenders take their place in history? Find out by clicking play on the video below. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Pablo Osvaldo has urged Italian legends Andrea Pirlo and Francisco Totti to move continents and join him at Argentinian giants Boca Juniors. The 29yearold moved to his current side on a loan deal from Southampton and has become an instant hit  scoring three goals in six games. Osvaldo believes that the duo would be a good fit for Boca and says the fans would love to have them line up on the La Bombonera pitch. Who I would like to join me at Boca? Pirlo and Totti the 29yearold told Corriere dello Sport. I have played with many great players over the years and many of them are my friends. Totti 10 is a Roma legend and Osvaldo feels that he would be just as loved if he moved to Argentina .
British banker Rurik Jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in Hong Kong on Thursday accused of the murder of two young Indonesian women whose mutilated bodies were found in his apartment. Wearing the same black Tshirt and darkrimmed glasses as in previous hearings Jutting 30 returned to magistrates court after being deemed fit to stand trial in November following psychiatric tests. The former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges. Onetime securities trader Jutting who has not yet entered a plea in the case was attentive but looked tired. He spoke twice to say I do when asked whether he understood the two charges against him. Magistrate Jason Wan turned down an application for costs saying that it was not unusual for a complex case to take time. In a city generally regarded as safe by residents and known for its highend shops and glitzy skyscrapers the killings were unusually brutal and shone a spotlight on the seedy underbelly of the finance hub. But their distraught parents told AFP they believed their children had been working at restaurants.
Controversial Ryanair boss Michael OLeary claims the budget airline will slash its fares by as much as 15 per cent over the next two years. The chief executive of Europes largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a French weekly newspaper saying its average fare could be as low as 40 approximately 26 next year. It would be a 6 4 decrease from Ryanairs current average ticket price with Mr OLeary attributing the anticipated fare cuts to lower oil prices. Ryanair chief executive Michael OLeary took aim at Air France in his interview with Le Journal du Dimanche . An Air France spokesperson told MailOnline Travel that the airline is not responding to Mr OLearys comments. We create we increase salaries and we pay pension contributions. Ryanair has long faced complaints of poor customer service and excessive surcharges but recently launched a marketing push to win over customers and has eased some of its fees or restrictions. He said acquiring slots at Charles de Gaulle or Paris Orly airports  which are hubs for Air FranceKLM and their subsidiaries  presents an expensive challenge.
Dr Christopher Valentine pictured used his iPod to take illicit photos of patients a tribunal heard . A doctor who was allowed to continue working after taking intimate photographs of patients has been caught doing it again it emerged yesterday. Dr Christopher Valentine 52 was sacked from a sexual health clinic and hauled before the General Medical Council nine years ago for photographing halfnaked male and female patients without consent. His behaviour was branded inappropriate but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics. Fiona White was stunned to find the pictures while looking at others he had taken of colleagues at a a leaving do. I kept going and came across a photo of what I would describe as a male groin. I didnt look close but I remember getting such a shock. She seemed quite startled. I think I did see genitals. Mrs Forrester said she met Miss White later to discuss their concerns adding There was a consensus that both of us had seen a naked image of part of a males body. Some were stored on his home computer. The hearing continues.
A former Portuguese detective was today ordered to pay nearly 360000 to Kate and Gerry McCann after a longrunning libel trial. Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter Madeleines disappearance. In a written verdict a Lisbon court agreed that Amaral should pay Mr and Mrs McCann 250000 179000 each in damages and banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie. The couples lawyer Isabel Duarte also revealed that Amaral had been told to pay interest which she said stood at present at 106000 76000. Scroll down for video . Madeleine was three when she went missing from her familys holiday apartment in Praia da Luz Portugal on May 3 2007 as her parents dined at a nearby tapas restaurant with friends. Amarals lawyers have leave to appeal the ruling. To a child it could be very damaging. A team of 31 British detectives are working exclusively to find the girl. Since Madeleine vanished every possible theory has been explored including that she was kidnapped by a paedophile or killed during a botched burglary.
Matt Dunford 30 who claimed to be Britains vainest man has been ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work for harassing an exgirlfriend pictured today outside court . Matt Dunford 30 bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of 5000 after their sixmonth relationship broke down. When she refused to pay the bodybuilder from Leighton Buzzard in Bedfordshire he mockedup an escort website profile on Facebook and sent it to her mother and sister. Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates Court in February but was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence. The model who claims he spends 100000ayear on his looks and is now working as a stripper says he took an overdose and suffered a seizure days before the hearing causing him to miss it. Ms Barron added We also decided we are going to impose a restraining order we feel its a necessary precaution. He said you have until midnight and he gave me an address for a hotel just five minutes from my house. In another text he said Police hate escorts theyre all druggies and liars.
Jenny Wallenda 87 the matriarch of the famous family of highflying circus performers died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota Florida according to family members. Wallendas nephew Rick Wallenda said his aunt died following a lengthy illness. She had a great life in entertainment a very rewarding and rich life he said. Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda. Matriarch In this January 1964 photo Jenny Wallenda applies makeup in a dressing room prior to appearing at the opening of the Shrine Circus in Detroit. Her parents sent her to Germany to live with her grandparents in 1934 at age 6. She will be missed everyday. Left to right bottom row Dieter Schepp 23 Mario Wallenda 21 Richard Faughnan 29 Gunther Wallenda 42. Sitting on chair atop pyramid is Jana Schepp 17.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for 45.2billion and create a megasize TV and internet provider it was reported today. The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasnt in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox. An announcement from the telecoms giant already the biggest cable company in the country could come as early as tomorrow. Scroll down for video . Al Franken DMinn.
As California struggles with a devastating drought huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta  and the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations. A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego. But they say theyre not stealing it because their history of living at the waters edge gives them that right. Still they have been asked to report how much water theyre pumping and to prove their legal rights to it. Scroll down for video . Drought In this photo taken Friday March 27 2015 lowflow water emitter sits on some of the dry cracked ground of farmer Rudy Mussis almond orchard in the SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta near Stockton California . Gov. If theres surplus water hey I dont mind sharing it Mussi said. Twice last year state officials feared salty bay water was backing up into the Delta threatening water quality. On another 1500 acres where he is a junior water rights holder he will receive no surface water for a second consecutive year.
CNNIm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled his encounter with North Charleston police  his back turned to the officer. What I find more disturbing is how the officer cuffs the fallen Scott and allows him to die facedown in the dirt while Slager appears to plant an item next to his body. I understand why people are skeptical of selfdefense claims  especially from law enforcement. As a defense attorney I am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime but this single piece of evidence  a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat  defies any reasonable explanation. Thank God there was a camera. It will help ensure that justice will be served in this case. Would he have fired? Eight times? Certainly its worth the price of some mass data storage. And theres something else at stake. Complaints against cops decrease and most importantly useofforce incidents drop. They may not intentionally treat black men differently but we cant pretend that black men arent being disproportionately targeted. Set tougher employment screening standards when hiring cops.
A Spanish town on the Camino de Santiago pilgrimage route is warning pilgrims and other visitors to stop defecating along the famous path. Graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of Santiago de Compostela in northwestern Spain have been erected in the municipality of Lastres. But no one knows who put up the signs which show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it. The pilgrimage known as the Way of St James attracts thousands of pilgrims every year but there can be very few places to go when nature calls. In Lastres angry residents have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes. The signs are posted next to warnings that urge people not to litter.
Two mistakes from Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie handed Celtic the Glasgow Cup as they clinched the trophy for the fourth time in eight seasons at Hampden. Josh Kerr took advantage when the Scotland under17 star came for a corner and missed it to put the Hoops in front before McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line. With Old Firm bosses Ronny Deila and Stuart McCall looking on it was the former who left happiest after seeing Tommy McIntyres side record a deserved victory. Both teams line up ahead of the match which was played behind closed doors at Hampden Park . And as only local schoolkids and their parents were allowed in following trouble among fans at the last three finals the match passed without any major offfield problems. Rangers took the game to their opponents but early headers from Aiden Wilson and Ross McCrorie ran past either post. Calvin Miller then shot just over from 20 yards Hendry was denied again by McCrorie and Miller screwed another longrange drive inches wide as the Hoops looked more likely to net. Mark Hill third left is congratulated by his teammates after doubling Celtics lead .
A woman who was arrested and charged with manslaughter for a crash that caused the death of a 5yearold child showed no remorse for her actions according to court records. Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix Arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided headon with a car carrying two children in February 2014 and one of the children later died from their injuries. When told of this after her arrest Keaton 24 said Sht happens. According to CBS 5 Keaton was driving southbound on February 28 2014 when she swiped a car going north and she then continued across the northbound lane until she struck a 2007 Nissan Frontier. That car contained the child whose injuries were so severe they later died. Keaton was also rushed to the hospital where an emergency Csection was performed. The baby which had diazepenes and THC in their system as well was in extremely critical condition after it was delivered.
Menacing An immigrant holds his machete to his face as gangs clashed with police following the outbreak of violence in South Africa . Police battled to contain a wave of violence in South Africa last night as gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off antiforeigner attacks by locals. Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants mainly from other parts of Africa. More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in Durban. Eyewitnesses have claimed that the vigilante violence is carefully orchestrated and that minibuses have been ferrying men armed with knives and machetes around suburbs. We wanted to rescue him but there were too many of them he said. It was shocking. Those affected are those of us who live in poor townships because we live with poor South Africans who do not have jobs. Scroll down for video . Smoke A woman covered in soot gestures and shouts towards foreign nationals in the Jeppestown area of Johannesburg yesterday . Meanwhile foreigners fled their homes .
A 20yearold University of Mary Washington student was found murdered on Friday in Virginia and her older male roommate has now been arrested and charged with the killing. Grace Rebecca Mann 20 was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg near the college campus about 3pm. Local reports say Mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat however police have not commented on the cause of death. Scroll down for video . He was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot. One of the women started to perform CPR as the other called 911. A major manhunt was subsequently launched for Briel. She also was an executive board member of Feminist United and recently appointed to the Presidents Task Force on Sexual Assault. UMW Senior Paige McKinsey told NBC Washington that Mann was working towards becoming a lawyer. As a friend Grace brought love and joy into every interaction and every person she came across.
Boring has been the word on everyones lips when talking about Chelsea this week but Didier Drogba has shown he and his teammates still have the skill to disprove that disparaging tag. The Blues are preparing for Wednesday nights trip to Leicester City at St Georges Park having drawn criticism for the way they ground out a decisive 00 draw against Arsenal on Sunday. And Drogba and his teammates who can wrap up the Barclays Premier League title with two more victories have shown off their abilities with an intricate sixman heading trick around the dinner table. After Drogba goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois is the next to take the ball heading back to John Obi Mikel . Mikel stoops with a diving header that sees him fall off his chair but the ball does drop into the small bin . With six players seated opposite each other on either side of a long table Branislav Ivanovic throws the ball on to the head of Loic Remy to start the game. St Georges Park which opened in October 2012 is used by the full range of England teams as well as club sides.
A nineyearold girl was attacked by a lion that was being walked like a dog by circus entertainers who had brought their show to a quiet Siberian village. The girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in Namtsy in the Sakha Republic in Siberia  one of the coldest regions in the world. Photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village. The circus is believed to have left Namtsy  also known as Yakutia  abruptly after the incident. Gavril Kolpashnikov the girls father said I was fishing and got back at night. I saw my child in a horrible condition. To put it mildly stressed. Shes shocked. Brendan Smiths legs were badly injured but he survived the attack.
A former footballer who fronted a 30million investment scheme and lived a millionaires lifestyle is now surviving on handouts a court has heard. But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than 2million debts. The former winger revelled in the glamorous lifestyle after persuading fellow players to sign up to the scheme . McIndoe celebrates scoring against Arsenal in December 2005  it has now been revealed he has no income . I have received some money from friends around 9000 and some money from NatWest for overcharging me on an account. He added how he was not claiming Jobseekers Allowance and said his legal representatives were working without fee. They lost out to Hull at Wembley and McIndoe had one more season at Ashton Gate before joining Coventry. He hired huge villas in Marbella where he drove a fleet of expensive cars such as a Bentley and a Maybach and hired celebrities such as the X Factor winner Alexandra Burke to perform at lavish parties. Scotsborn McIndoe also dated a string of glamour models including Helena Fletcher and Emma Frain. The bankruptcy hearing was adjourned till June 17.
CNNA large storm system dubbed Typhoon Maysak is churning over the Pacific Ocean days away from a possible direct hit on the Philippines. Maysak is moving westnorthwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia according to the U.S. Joint Typhoon Warning Center. Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday though the countrys residents could start feeling its effects days before. That could interrupt the Easter celebration for many in the predominantly Catholic nation which may be socked by heavy rains and potent winds. The International Red Cross noted that many people are expected to throng coastal areas at this time. But by Thursday the winds strength had declined to around 132 mph  no longer a super typhoon but still the equivalent of a Category 4 hurricane. This will not be a catastrophic storm Cabrera said.
Gareth Bale drives an unstoppable leftfooted bullet in at the far post during a routine training drill as Real Madrid train on Wednesday. Its powerful poised and emphatic though far from a winner at the Nou Camp but its all the Welshman can do for now as he returns from international duty to a less than appreciative fan base. Bale joined Cristiano Ronaldo and Co for their second day back at training as they prepared for their first match back after the devastating loss to Barcelona that saw them fall four points behind the La Liga leaders. Perfectly balanced Bale cocks his powerful left leg to hit his shot on the halfvolley . Playmaker Luka Modric left keeps control as defensive midfielder Asier Illarramendi watches closely . Bale holds off Fernandez in a starstudded pack of players at Carlo Ancelottis disposal . Hes done a great job since he arrived at the club and I dont understand this witch hunt against him he said on Neox TVs El Chiringuito. The defender had similar words for Ronaldo who has also faced hash criticism of late. Theyve been very unfair with him.
A couple who took their 14yearold son out of school without permission for a fiveday holiday to Spain were forced to pay a 1230 fine after bailiffs were called in. They were originally fined 120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh Essex after being convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school. After the unnamed family of Hullbridge Essex appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and after they did not pay court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding 1230. The grandmother who asked not to be named said The bailiff informed me that if the eyewatering fine of 1230 wasnt paid immediately they would force entry. She added Hes a bright boy my grandson and he could easily hack five days off. Part of the problem is the tourism industry which deliberately hikes up prices during the summer holidays. Its quite a sober warning to other parents Its quite a sober warning to other parents. It was a bit Stasi.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds 24 regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business Sweets and Sweat in September 2013. Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ms Bines a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer in 2012. Ms Dodds said Ms Bines contacted her asking if she could share her recipes online with her Facebook fan base and she agreed. She did not respond to Daily Mail Australias questions after a blogger came forward suggesting she had also been plagiarised from on Tuesday . Programs such as hers and Bikini Body Guide author Kayla Itsines have become increasingly popular . I said can you show me? I just couldnt believe it... Thats really nasty. At first I was a little bit excited and then I was pretty devastated not to be credited. The 26yearold left has earned an enormous social media with almost one million followers on social media . Ashys book This recipe appeared in an edition of Ashy Bines Clean Eating Recipe Book . Given that you think downs sic is so bad it is people like you that the world does not need.
One very good player moves out and another very good player moves in. Atletico Madrid supporters have stopped fretting about departures because they have good reason to be confident in the people that run the club and their ability to find adequate replacements. In goal Sergio Asenjo became David De Gea became Thibaut Courtois who looks to have become Jan Oblak. Playmaker Diego Ribas became Arda Turan. Sergio Aguero left was a star at Atletico before being replaced by Radamel Falcao at the Spanish club . The secret of their success is often exactly that  a secret. Mendes played a large part in the setting up of the annual awards  he himself has won agent of the year every year since its inauguration. Atleticos CEO Miguel Angel Gil Marin far right give a press conference in Madrid in 2009 . As well as using the right agents to get the right players Atletico have  like so many teams in Spain benefitted from an extensive and wellrun youth system. Simeone has been up there with their greatest signings when they made him manager previously .
Tripoli Libya CNNSmugglers lure Arab and African migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers a CNN investigation has revealed. A smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees during a conversation that a CNN producer secretly filmed. The conversation recorded using a mobile phone exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships. An estimated 1600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing but still more wait to try to reach Europe. Why I fled Migrants share their stories . The building could only be reached by walking down a trashlittered alleyway and featured a series of packed rooms separated by curtains where dozens sat  well over the 80 migrants she was promised would be in her boat. So if she brought 10 she could travel free. He also assured CNNs producer when asked that if the people became too many they would use two boats. Pregnant women among migrants trying to cross .
Hernandez 25 looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict. Be strong. Police almost immediately zeroed in on Hernandez because they found in Lloyds pocket the key to a car the NFL player had rented. Wallace and Ortiz will stand trial later. Prosecutors produced neither a murder weapon nor a witness to Lloyds shooting in a North Attleborough industrial park. JURYS ROAD TRIP . TEARS FOR A SON . Ward remained stoic. HERNANDEZS FIANCEE . Jenkins who has a 2yearold daughter with Hernandez avoided looking at him during her testimony. Both sisters testified while the other sat in the audience watching and sometimes seeming annoyed.
Usually a highlight of MercedesBenz Fashion Week Australia Alex Perrys name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015. The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying taking a breather. Despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of MBFWA Perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row after focusing on his international efforts of late. Scroll down for video . Were busy working on Cruise too Perrys popular party dress collection. Because Im not presenting a show I can really look forward to supporting some of my friends like Kym Ellery and Johnny Schembri from By Johnny theyre my two faves Im specifically wanting to see. Fashion flashback Showing since 1996  this marks the second time in twenty years Perry wont show . Model moment Perry with Cheyenne Tozzi pictured left who previously starred in Australias Next Top Model . We definitely have our own signature. Theres a mix of designers that are increadibly accomplished then there are younger designers who take more risks and challenges he says.
This is the moment a middleaged woman ran over and killed her husband in China after he climbed out of their car and she accidentally reversed over him. Driver Mei Ru 50 and her husband Song Ming 53 were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in the city of Fuzhou in Fujian province south east China. CCTV from the scene shows Mr Ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses knocking him down before backing up over his body. Passerby Kuan Tseng 32 said It seemed that she had already parked the car so when he stood behind it there didnt seem to be any danger. Song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save his life but he died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs. His wife is griefstricken and is being treated by doctors here for shock.
Nasa has finalised an ambitious mission to send a spacecraft closer to the sun than ever before. The Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star . During the closest passes around the sun temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2500 degrees Fahrenheit. Scroll down for video . The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31 2018. Over 24 orbits the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance from the sun. Solar Probe Plus is scheduled to launch aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta 4Heavy rocket with an upper stage from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Florida. Widefield Imager principal investigator Russell Howard Naval Research Laboratory in Washington. This investigation will make direct measurements of electric and magnetic fields radio emissions and shock waves that course through the suns atmospheric plasma. The experiment also serves as a giant dust detector registering voltage signatures when specks of space dust hit the spacecrafts antenna.
Conrad Clitheroe left and Gary Cooper right were thrown in jail after being arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in Dubai . Three British planespotters who have spent two months in prison in the United Arab Emirates after they were arrested on national security grounds have been released. They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained were put into prison. Clitheroes wife Valerie had written to British Prime Minister David Cameron to ask him to intervene in the case raising concerns about her husbands health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure. We are providing consular assistance. Speaking earlier this week Mrs Clitheroe said I am absolutely ecstatic. Apart from our wedding and the birth of my children this is the best day of my life. How can you hold someone for that long with no charges? I dont understand it but Im so so glad. The men had travelled to Dubai for a fourday holiday on February 18. A crowdfunding site set up by the mens work colleagues has raised more than 5000.
A simple breath test that could help detect the early stages of stomach cancer has been developed by scientists. The screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development. By looking for distinctive breath prints researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease. Scroll down for video . Research leader Professor Hossam Haick of the Russell Berrie Nanotechnology Institute in Haifa said The attraction of this test lies in its noninvasiveness ease of use rapid predictiveness insensitivity to confounding factors and potentially low cost. The researchers hope the breath test could be used as an alternative to endoscopies an invasive and expensive procedure to diagnose gastric cancers using a long flexible tube. It might also one day lead to a treatment which stops tumours growing. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men with 40000 diagnosed in Britain every year.
Archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2000yearold human skulls  sparking the theory they could be the remains of Boudiccas rebels  as the London Crossrail excavations continue. The latest discovery of cremated human bones packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic River Walbrook in London has experts questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony. When about 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in the sediment of the historic tributary in 2013 it had been thought that they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a Roman cemetery to the north  but new evidence suggests otherwise. Scroll down for video . A piece of Roman figurative pottery right was also dug up during searches of the site . He said We dont have any answers yet but we are looking into it. The Boudiccan Revolt raged from 6061AD and saw British tribes under Boudicca of the Iceni unsuccessfully try to defeat the Roman army. It will now undergo scientific tests . So far Crossrail has found more than 10000 artefacts spanning many years of Londons past across more than 40 construction sites.
Together they wrote a string of charttopping hits for some of the worlds biggest stars and created the memorable theme tune of Australian television soap Neighbours. Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent who were married for more than three decades were dubbed Mr and Mrs Music after composing for artists including Frank Sinatra Dean Martin Scott Walker Shirley Bassey and Petula Clark. So when Trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer Hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye. True their marriage had ended in divorce but they had a daughter together and one of the most successful creative unions in showbusiness. But The Mail on Sunday can reveal that Hatch was banned from the funeral by Trents second husband Colin Gregory who today accuses the composer of breaking his wifes heart. Scroll down for video . I would never contest that. If he turns up I shall call the police. Jackie always told me No service  just you. It is also home to Hatch and his wife.
A bakery in Oregon has been told to pay 135000 to a lesbian couple that it refused to make a wedding cake for two years ago. An administrative law judge said that Sweet Cakes by Melissa in the Portland suburb of Gresham discriminated against Rachel BowmanCryer and her wife Laurel and caused them emotional suffering. Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron refused to make the couple who held a commitment ceremony in June 2013 a cake after learning that they were lesbians in January of that year because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. The Kleins were able to raise more than 100000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMes terms of service. The judges Friday verdict comes after the BowmanCryers filed a civil rights suit in the case which has joined a series of similar proceedings in a national debate about antiLGBT discrimination and religious freedom. The bakerys Facebook page posted a message Friday saying that the fine will financially ruin us. They have since adopted their foster children two daughters aged eight and six.
A hardhitting Scientology documentary slammed by John Travolta is unlikely to be aired in the UK because of fears that the broadcaster could be exposed to libel claims. Lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean controversial US expose HBOs Going Clear might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic. The Alex Gibneydirected film which alleges abusive practices at the religions US headquarters was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month to coincide with its American release. Scroll down for video . Speaking to the Tampa Bay Times he said Ive been so happy with my experience in the last 40 years...that I really dont have anything to say that would shed light on a documentary so decidedly negative. Sky has maintained the decision is a delay rather than a cancellation. If they have right on their side they have nothing to fear. And the IRS Internal Revenue Service website makes it clear anyone is entitled to start a religion without seeking IRS permission.
A merry widow from Edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. Pat Ingles 69 remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers. In comparison the retired hairdresser prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours. Pat 69 pictured left in her police woman fancy dress outfit enjoys pole dancing with friend Julia 67 right . I really enjoy myself I party hard she admitted on the Channel 5 show OAPs Behaving Badly. She said I have cared for people all my life. I dont want to look after someone fulltime again I want to look after me now. I can walk into a room and I still turn heads and I like that. Julia said You cant judge others like us were not normal were crazy. I dont like the thought of getting old well just keep going till we fall to bits. Theres no point worrying about it youll make yourself depressed. But now shes found happiness with Colin 66.
The 201314 season was seen as a step forward for Arsenal spending the majority of the campaign at the top of the Premier League and ending their trophy drought with the FA Cup. But the Gunners still finished in fourth place yet again with Arsene Wengers team were heavily criticised after throwing away the title. That poor run of form in 2014 couldnt seem further away now with Arsenal flying in the league a recent 41 victory against Liverpool demonstrating their step forward. But still the north London side have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season. Arsenal were reeling after a 60 defeat by Chelsea at this stage last season and had 63 points from 31 games . Arsene Wenger will regret many results in this season  including a 32 defeat by Stoke City in December .
A man who was locked up and tortured in a Chinese cotton mill for 18 years has finally been rescued. Xie Shisheng who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week. Now 34 a very gaunt Xie who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world said he was hit with a hammer never fed properly and beaten daily. Government authorities in the city of Qingyuan in the north west Guangdong province were tipped off about an illegal cotton mill. When they arrived at the mill in Qing Cheng District on Wednesday they found large quantities of fake cotton goods and another more unexpected discovery. The female owner would often urinate on me. Neighbour Mr Xie said he could hear cries of pain every night which he initially thought were from a child being punished.
Adrian Heath is holding court at his weekly prematch press conference and one of the local reporters wants to talk crossbars. Might it be a good idea to raise it a bit so more goals could be scored for the benefit of goalhungry American fans? Well soccers being doing quite well for about 150 years now and if you look at the amount of people who play and watch its still doing quite well so I dont really see a need he replies with a patient smile. Scroll down for video . Such inquiries are actually becoming fewer and further between as the world game and the huge US market get better acquainted with each other. Perhaps we have slowly had to educate some of the media. Heaths Stateside adventure began in the unlikely setting of a pub in his native Newcastle Under Lyme where he bumped into Stoke City director Phil Rawlins. Hes a remarkable person. Six hour flights leaving on Thursday and not arriving back until Sunday night. The Premier League is exciting in many ways but you know only three or four teams can win it. They were level five years ago with Man City.
Boss Tim Sherwood backed Christian Benteke to fire Aston Villa to safety after the strikers crucial hattrick saved a point against QPR. The forwards treble  his first in two years  clinched a pulsating 33 draw with their drop rivals as Villa edged further clear of the bottom three. Villa are three points above the Barclays Premier League drop zone and denied QPR the chance to leapfrog them in the table. He said Thats the plan. Hes a good player I have always said it and hes in a rich vein of form. Its not about what you deserve its about what you get and we got one point. We dropped off a little bit too deep and couldnt keep that pressure on them. But anyone who has seen that football match knows it shouldnt have been close. They have taken four points from their last two away games after winning just once on the road this season before Saturdays 41 win at West Brom. Bentekes added two more including this wonder freekick  much like Jason Puncheons on Monday night . Im disappointed if Im being honest.
It is the age old debate but with a modern twist which Premier League club is the most popular according to Twitter followers. For the first time ever fans can see a detailed breakdown of how support for every club varies around the world and in the UK supporters can go as indepth as seeing the three most popular teams in their local constituency. So what exactly does the data show? The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team using their followers as an indicator of allegiance. Chelsea have strong support in the Western Isles while clubs such as Newcastle Sunderland Hull City Burnley Stoke City Leicester City Aston Villa Swansea and Southampton dominate their local areas. For instance the rest of Asia apart from Thailand is dominated by Manchester United  who have strong followings in India and Pakistan and edge out Chelsea in Malaysia and Indonesia too. Arsenal are also well supported in northern Africa Algeria and Morocco but further south United turn South Africa Botswana Namibia and Zimbabwe red. The Melbourne Cricket Ground was packed to 95000 capacity when Liverpool took on Melbourne Victory in July 2013 .
Harry Redknapp has revealed he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans as he left the Emirates Stadium after the Gunners 41 win over Liverpool. Currently out of work after leaving his position at Queens Park Rangers the former Tottenham boss was at the Emirates as a spectator on April 4 when some fans turned against him. Redknapp claims he had earlier signed autographs and posed for pictures with friendly supporters but when he was stuck in traffic after the game a group of supporters began abusing him. Speaking on Sky Sports The Fantasy Football Club Redknapp said I went to Arsenal and to be honest with you they were fantastic. A lot of it is not good abuse and a lot of it is personal abuse its filth Redknapp continued. I see people there with their grandkids saying the most horrific things  its scary really.
A New Hampshire teenager who dreamed of becoming a police officer was arrested after dressing up like one and heading for a treat. Chase Lacasse 19 was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire after allegedly walking up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt. The young man who posted numerous photos of himself dressed up as an officer on social media was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police. It is not known whether he identified himself as an officer in any way other than his dress . A customer of the store King Kone in Merrimack said that the costume was likely an April Fools Day prank according to the Union Leader. A supposed license for his gun lists Lacasse at 5 foot 4 inches and 115 pounds in 2013. Lacasse who graduated from high school last year even bought a Glock 19 handgun a weapon often used by police.
At the helm of the NYPD from 193445 was Lewis Valentine pictured a stalwart of the force for more than 30 years who had a reputation for brutality . Today they are everyday heroes New Yorks finest but the New York Police Department has had a more chequered past than most would imagine. Bernard Whalens new book The NYPDs First Fifty Years is a tale of kickbacks mob violence and secret KKK members. Whalen charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898 when the New York areas 18 independent police forces merged into one. A variety of men led the force through its formative years 21 in total. Some were forward looking some were practical but more than a fair share were scoundrels larcenists or at the very least guilty of dereliction of duty. A former Brigadier General Bingham lost his leg in an Army engineering accident in Buffalo. He worked throughout his career to remove special civil service protections on police inspectors who he could not promote or demote. The officer was later found shot dead outside a Palermo café.
Up to 100 Islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life following an investigation into their alleged links to the Trojan Horse scandal. It is understood a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham where extremist Islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff. This includes allegations an alQaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles. More than 50 teachers  called the Park View Brotherhood  also alleged exchanged as many as 3000 messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier Lee Rigby was a hoax. Scroll down for video . The probe into the Islamic plot last year found evidence of antiWestern rhetoric intolerance towards gays and creating the perception of a worldwide conspiracy against Muslims. Another school investigated Alston Primary was already in special measures. Professional hearings are set to begin next month. An estimated 35 per cent of the population practise Islam compared with 4.4 per cent across the country according to the latest census.
Britons heading to Europe on holiday are facing the nightmare of arriving at their destination and not being able to hire a car thanks to a controversial driving licence shakeup. The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency DVLA is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences. Information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the DVLAs database and will have to be checked online by phone or by post. But motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorists details. Scroll down for video . I spoke to one big car hire firm in Portugal this week and they knew nothing of the changes. Six weeks away from implementation the whole thing is very muddled. Or you can do it at the desk with your smartphone if you can remember the website address dont mind the data roaming charges can remember your national insurance number and are impervious to the long queue developing behind you.
A Ferraridriving fantasist dubbed Teflon Don who murdered his wealthy heiress lover in order to steal 816000 from her bank accounts has been ordered to pay back just 1. Donald Graham 62 from Sparty Lea Northumberland killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown 45 so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home. Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found. Scroll down for video . Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his illgotten gains which they said totalled 816127.86p under the Proceeds of Crime Act. Graham who drove a Ferrari a Porsche a Range Rover and a Alfa Romeo Spider despite allegedly being short of cash denied murdering Ms Brown between June 14 and 18 2005 but admitted stealing her money. Graham spun a cruel web of lies that left Ms Browns parents believing she was still alive but living abroad. The court heard that after booking the holiday Graham had found a new girlfriend Elizabeth Todd 51 with whom he had become infatuated. He hadnt worked since an accident in 1997 when a JCB bucket hit him on the back and he was awarded 40000 compensation.
A woman 23 was arrested on Wednesday after she allegedly hit her 67yearold boyfriend in the face so hard that she knocked out one of his contact lenses. Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65yearsold. The victims identity has not been released. The Orange County Sherifs office told Click Orlando that the elderly man called the police and told them that Hilbert slapped him in the face twice knocking out a contact lens. Multiple drug charges Hilbert pictured on two separate occasions last year was arrested for possession of weed and Xanax . Hilbert claims that her much older lover body bumped her during the argument. Failure to appear Hilbert pictured this year and once last year was charged with failure to appear in court .
The family of an American hostage killed in a US drone strike gave his Al Qaeda captors money in a failed bid to guarantee his release a report suggests. It has also been claimed Dr Warren Weinstein from Rockville Maryland and a fellow aid worker were used as a shield to protect a senior Al Qaeda operative while in captivity. The 73yearold was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto during an antiterrorist strike on the AfghanistanPakistan border intended to kill members of the group. They included the poster girl for jihad Dr. Aafia Siddiqui  who is currently serving an 86year prison sentence in the United States for the attempted murder of a United States Army captain. His wife Elaine right has already slammed the US governments response to his abduction . However they did not provide a proof of life. We look forward to the results of that investigation. But those who took Warren captive over three years ago bear ultimate responsibility. In Pakistan where he was working before he was abducted he loved and respected the Pakistani people and their culture. There could be no starker contrast between these two men and their captors.
Oklahoma introduced a law allowing it to use nitrogen gas to kill death row prisoners if lethal injections arent available. Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death giving Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty. The method which involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoners body to die from lack of oxygen has been touted as foolproof by supporters in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections. Scroll down for video . This 1999 file photo shows an Arizona correctional officer explaining his states execution method . Executions in the state are currently on hold while the Supreme Court ponders whether the threedrug mix now favored by Oklahoma is constitutional. The new bill effective from November 2015 moves the electric chair back from second preference to third while firing squad becomes a distant fourth choice if all other methods are unavailable. I support that policy and I believe capital punishment must be performed effectively and without cruelty. He died 43 minutes after the process began.
Punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016. Many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation  blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii. But others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers blaming shirtless fwits for ruining the festival and joking that gym memberships and ecstasy dealers would be hardest hit. Scroll down for video . Music fans pose during the Future Music Festival at Sydneys Randwick Racecourse in February this year . What will we do with all the dbags in singlets? Adam Connelly joked on Twitter. Jake Finnigan posted on Facebook. Promoting company Mushroom Group released a subsequent statement explaining the decision. ...Australia is following a trend thats already been seen in America where touring festivals have become a thing of the past...Instead standalone location festivals such as Coachella and Lollapalooza are going from strength to strength.
Mike Brown admitted he would adopt a cautious approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback. The England fullback remains unsure when he will return after pulling out of Harlequins Aviva Premiership clash with Saracens at Wembley last weekend. Northampton wing George North has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quickfire concussions while Irelands Johnny Sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term. Brown is determined not to suffer an extended break  so will not rush himself back to action ahead of time. I had a headache the Sunday and Monday so just being cautious with it I dont want to get into the situation where you get a few knockouts or something. I think its just ongoing to see how I am stage by stage. Learning about all the symptoms was massive said Brown speaking for Land Rovers We Deal In Real campaign. If I can do it pulling out of EnglandIreland the biggest game of the Six Nations at that point then I think anyone can do it and should do it. www.landrover.comrugby LandRoverRugby WeDealInReal .
But a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver  who used to date exPussy Cat Doll Nicole Scherzinger  as selfish and inconsiderate saying he should be forced to apologise for specially directing the bubbly into the womans face. Others have called the driving ace an embarrassment to the UK while another said his behaviour showed that he was an ignorant clown. Scroll down for video . Right in the ear Lewis Hamilton celebrates winning the Chinese Grand Prix by spraying the hostess in the face with champagne . For most people it would be apparent that she is not enjoying it. On Twitter Hamilton was described as a bully and disgusting. His Mercedes partner accused him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferraris Sebastian Vettel. My goal was to look after my car. I had no real threat from Nico throughout the whole race.
Adding a gritty edge to Tuesday at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia Phoenix Keating Alice McCall Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw punk style on the catwalk. Punk fashion took to the runway at Sydneys Carriageworks with stocking caps fishnets tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk. Khim Hang 22 displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers. Scroll down for video . Karate Kids Models go oriental with loose metallic pants skorts and tied kimono blazers at Khim Hang . Spice up your life Model is seen wearing nineties Spice Girls bun hair style on runway at Phoenix Keating . The collection which adopted its own punklook showed a strong oriental influence  an obvious nod to his cultural background his parents are originally from Cambodia. Prom night Model wears Barbie pink prom inspired dress at Alice McCall but loses a sleeve along the way . White out It was all about crisp textured whites at the Haryono Setiadi show . Models also were seen to have dark eye lined eyes and dominant brushed eyebrows.
Inform Lazio will have an extra spring in their step when they take to the Stadio Olimpico pitch to face Empoli on Sunday. The Roman outfit clinched a spot in the final of the Coppa Italia on Wednesday with 10 victory over Napoli a result which sealed a 21 triumph on aggregate. They will now face Juventus in the Coppa final on June 7. Lazio defender Mauricio captures the Lazio fans celebrations via selfie stick . Juve are the strongest team in Italy but I think if we continue to play as we are doing we will have a chance in the final. Senad Lulic left celebrates scoring the winner for Lazio against Napoli . Juve go into Saturdays game at bottomside Parma after one of their most impressive performances of the season.
Its the fatshamingfitshaming controversy thats refusing to go away . Online fitness company Protein World caused a Twitter storm recently with its London Underground poster of a geneticallyblessed model in a small yellow bikini asking Are you beach body ready? The poster promoting weight loss came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign bodyshaming and called for the offending images to be removed. Scroll down for video . Yes. Dove added In 2004 75 of women felt advertising and media set unrealistic standards of beauty. Simply Be spokesman Ed Watson said that the controversial Protein World advert was at best outdated at worst insulting. We need to make people feel great about themselves and this poster does the opposite. Because it so literally flew in the face of our ethos of selfacceptance we wanted to get our message out further hence taking ad space in one of Londons busiest tube stations. Various posters were subject to defiant vandalism with uproar sweeping social media. Whatever it looks like your body is not a commodity. I couldnt work every day as a full time model by starving myself dieting or not looking after my body.
Shocking surveillance footage shows a mob using a hammer a rocking chair leg and Mace as they beat a homeless man into a coma during a suspected act of revenge. The video taken in the forecourt of the Sunoco gas station on North 5th Street in Philadelphia shows five people including two children storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51yearold. One of the group takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground. They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless. The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10yearold boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him  an allegation police have found no evidence of during their investigation. The pair were arrested and charged with attempted murder and related crimes. Lieutenant Dan Brooks of Northwest Detectives said Just watching you see the viciousness of it.
Jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6yearold Etan Patz whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missingchildrens movement. Etan Patz is larger than his very little important life Assistant District Attorney Joan IlluzziOrbon said in closing arguments at the Manhattan murder trial of Pedro Hernandez. She asked jurors to convict Hernandez of murder saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it. He had never been considered a suspect  his name appears only once in law enforcement paperwork at the time Etan disappeared. The defense says the admissions are made up the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ. Day after day he saw this beautiful little boy she said. Rosemary Hernandez left and Becky Hernandez the wife and daughter of Pedro Hernandez arrive for court in New York on Wednesday . I was nervous. My legs were jumping. I wanted to let go but I just couldnt let go. I felt like something just took over me. That man Jose Ramos denies involvement. Two confessions Fishbein said.
The timing is surely a coincidence  three days before her daughter is due to give birth to another royal baby Carole Middleton is busy promoting her party firms babyshower goodies. The mother of the Duchess of Cambridge emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday recommending the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parentstobe. Mrs Middleton 60 who has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter Kate married Prince William wrote I love a range that fits so many different gatherings. Scroll down for video . And in keeping with news that William and Kate do not know the sex of their baby  the fourth in line to the throne she adds It teams blue and pink together  perfect if you dont know what sex the baby is . It also includes straws for 3.49 and cake bunting at 7.69. Amusingly the Party Pieces website also publishes advice on how to hold a gender neutral baby event which advises using decorations in yellow red or silver . Knowing numbers will help you plan better.
A recent college graduate diagnosed with genital herpes is stepping into the limelight in attempt to destigmatize STIs. Ella Dawson a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says shes been dropping the herpes bomb about six months after she had her first outbreak. In her essay for Womens Health Mag Dawson recalls meeting a boy at a party who offered her a sip of his beer. Dont worry she remembers him saying. I dont have herpes or anything. Thats funny I said with as warm a smile as I could manage. His face crumbled. Because when a real person  a woman you know and respect  casually mentions having herpes it stops being a punchline and starts being someones reality. Even having sex with a condom does not protect someone from the highly contagious virus that only needs skin to skin contact to spread even if there are no sores present. Dr. Peter Anthony Leone medical director of the North Carolina HIVSTD Prevention and Control Branch told The Washington Post that the stigmatization of the virus was fueled by conservatives after the free love era.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at Manchester City next season according to Gary Neville. The former Manchester United defender has been critical of Pellegrinis side in recent weeks as the reigning Premier League champions have seen their chances of retaining the crown slip following a dismal run of form and results. But despite the Chilean being the favourite with many bookmakers to be the next managerial casualty and Jurgen Klopp available in the summer after announcing he is to leave Borussia Dortmund it is understood City chiefs are not entertaining the idea of replacing Pellegrini at present. And Neville talking at a Budweiser Dream Goal event in Regents Park believes keeping faith in Pellegrini would bring some muchneeded stability to the Etihad Stadium. I hope they dont change manager Neville said. These players arent finished this team arent finished. I have praised them over the last three or four years and rightly so. They have set a standard I have watched commentated on and been asked to speak about. But now Im not enjoying watching them.
A prolific gang of thieves who carried out early morning raids on multimillion pound mansions to steal cash jewellery and luxury cars have been jailed for a total of 17 years. Mohammed Alam Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary like a job a profession raiding houses in affluent west London Herfordshire and Surrey. Over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes taking a Ferrari Porches Minis paintings and cash worth 1million often waiting until home owners were on holiday before striking. The gang were undeterred by security systems officers said instead viewing them as a sign a property was worth raiding. If they found that valuables were locked in a safe inside they would simply cut the safe out before cracking it open later. Jewellery worth 8600 was taken along with 1400 in foreign notes was taken from a house in Kingston Hill during another raid in July. Police tracked the trio after staff at the All England Club home to the Wimbledon tennis championships caught their car on CCTV.
Quarter of a century after his last number one Paul Simon is back at the top of the charts. The 73yearold  who rose to fame as part of Simon  Garfunkel  has forged ahead of more youthful musicians to reach number one in the UK album chart with The Ultimate Collection. His album outsold those by the likes of Ed Sheeran James Bay and Sam Smith. Number one Paul Simon topped the UK albums chart for the first time in 25 years. Simon is currently on his On Stage Together world tour with Sting. He and Art Garfunkel left broke up in 1970 soon after the release of their album Bridge Over Troubled Water .
Carwyn ScottHowells death was a tragic accident according to state prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau . The family of tragic ski boy Carwyn ScottHowell were expected to bring his body home this weekend as an investigation into his death ruled out negligence as a factor. Carwyn seven plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine France while skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia after becoming separated from them. Carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area. The boy would have been aware that he was leaving the piste. The reason why is not known but it was by error. They said they were enjoying their last ski run together when Carwyns sister lost her ski on a jump and at this point Carwyn skied ahead. He was a very daring outgoing determined little boy whose handsome smile lit up any room and made life full of laughter with never a dull moment. The family cannot explain their feeling of utter devastation with a vast void in their hearts.
Despite Arsenal winning their eighth Premier League game in a row on Saturday the clubs chief executive Ivan Gazidis says he is not happy that the club are not going to win the title. With top spot set to elude Arsenal again Gazidis says the club will keep pushing Chelsea but he admitted winning the championship is unlikely. And Gazidis fears Arsenal will find it harder in future just to maintain their perennial place in the top four Champions League qualification places due to a surge in television cash. Francis Coquelin wins the ball off George Boyd as the Gunners moved four points clear in second place . The Gunners havent won the league since 2004 and their first eightgame winning run since then has propelled them to second. Earlier setbacks though for Arsene Wengers team helped Chelsea to establish a commanding lead. we are not happy but we are going to keep pushing to the end and see how far we can go said Gazidis.
CNNThe shootings main similarity is that the officer was white and the victim was black and unarmed. Outside of that the highly publicized police shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance. So whats changed between the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson Missouri in August and that of Walter Scott in North Charleston South Carolina last weekend? Two more AfricanAmericans were voted in during this weeks citys elections. But before you place too much emphasis on the percentages there are other variables to consider like policing methods as CNN political commentator Marc Lamont Hill pointed out. Changing the racial makeup of a department alone wont do the trick if officers arent taught the best practices. That could be significant because Slager initially said Scott had taken his Taser and he feared for his life. But with a video you cant say its not happening. The takeaway Former Ferguson Mayor Brian Fletcher said the city has influenced others. Three months later President Barack Obama pledged 263 million to procure body cameras and training for up to 50000 police officers. Theyre also expensive.
Wellness warrior Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday in a tellall interview that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis. The 23yearold founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances telling the Australian Womens Weekly none of its true. In the interview Gibson asked her former fans and customers who purchased her app and books to see her as only human. Leading psychologist Jo Lamble told Daily Mail Australia that this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from antisocial personality and narcissism disorders. Scroll down for video . A lack of remorse definitely fits in. Its like  you do what you need to do to get what you want she said. So if they need money they will commit fraudulent acts and steal for example. With Munchhausen they normally dont just lie they go much further to be sick. They also might drink poison or swallow things or stab themselves then ask whats wrong with me? Lamble says this can often be a sign of neglect. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9.
A bloody and wounded shop owner has been pictured just moments before he died from his injuries on another day of xenophobic attacks in South Africa. The man who is believed to be from Mozambique was taken to a hospital in Johannesburg where he tragically passed away. At least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of Durban several weeks ago. Despite making 30 arrests overnight police are struggling to subdue the machetewielding gangs who ransacked immigrantowned shops in the slums of Johannesburg. South Africas President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the shocking and unacceptable attacks on immigrants from Africa and South Asia saying No amount of frustration and anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals. Scroll down for video . Violent Gangs of antiimmigrant protesters armed with hammers knives and machetes have been reeking havoc in South Africa . The King has since said his words were misinterpreted but for some Zwelithini simply articulated what many were feeling. Otherwise they will be eliminated one by one.
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims Its only fair that men should have it all. The clip which was created by the Make it Fair Project presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood which means that more often than not males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industrys most important positions. We wont relent til its 100 per cent the women sing in a tongueincheek refrain that repeats throughout the PSA. Scroll down for video . They go on to note completely deadpan that in 2014 only 88 per cent of box office hits featured a man in the leading role. The problem exists even on the Broadway stage they point out with 13 out of 13 plays last year being written by men. Rita who is known for her roles in Sleepless in Seattle and Runaway Bride looks distressed as she lists the unfavorable statistics. The group wraps up with a rousing telethonstyle musical number singing together We stand here together and together well break down this wall.
For U.S. moms the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years but nearly a third of women space their children too close a government study shows. Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is fullterm and healthy. The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women whod had a child became pregnant again within 18 months. That is actually pretty high and very problematic said Heike Thiel de Bocanegra a reproductive health researcher at the University of California San Francisco. She was not involved in the new study. It was the first such report by the CDC so researchers dont know if pregnancy spacing has changed over time. About 20 percent had babies more than 5 years apart. Of course miscarriages illnesses or other factors can affect a couples plans. I tried. As soon as we got the twins under control we were ready to have another one he said. Second kid suffers. A lot runtier.
Radio DJ Neil Fox forced himself on a girl of 13 at a theme park after she asked him to pose for a photo it was alleged yesterday. Fox  known to his millions of listeners as Dr Fox  also indecently assaulted two starstruck girls under the age of 16 at a motor show a court heard. Scroll down for video .
It is believed the girl named April by staff at the Ormskirk hospital where she is being treated might have been delivered at Silcocks Amusement Arcade in Nevill Street Southport hours before she was discovered. Merseyside Police had released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl wearing a pink playsuit as they sought to identify her mother. In a statement yesterday afternoon officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area. Scroll down for video . Amusement arcade employee Christina Hodskinson found baby April when a colleague said the toilets needed cleaning. She was quickly joined by fellow worker Warren Chadwick who came to help . Police believe April may have been born where she was found Sky reported today. Some customers got some towels and we wrapped her up and stood under the heaters. He said his paternal instinct kicked in immediately . We checked the bin and there was nothing there and I just thought something wasnt right. So I went back to the bathroom with another member of staff Pauline.
The second in command at the sheriffs department where reserve deputy accidentally killed a man because he fired his gun instead of a Taser has resigned. Undersheriff Tim Albin of the Tulsa County Sheriffs Office in Oklahoma quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates 73. Bates who was a volunteer deputy shot dead Eric Harris 44 after he was tackled to the ground. Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident and apologizing. Bates a millionaire insurance broker had made substantial donations to the department in previous years. He has been charged with manslaughter  but a judge allowed him to take a monthlong holiday to the Bahamas before his day in court. Sheriff Stanley Glanz didnt specify why Undersheriff Tim Albin stepped down but said departmental reorganization was necessary following the April 2 shooting. Some claimed Albin gave Bates preferential treatment and intimidated those who raised concerns.
Michelle Obama likes to keep a busy schedule and Wednesday was no exception as the first lady managed to effortlessly combine an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening. The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach broccoli lettuce radish and bok choy. The first lady who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Lets Move initiative. Scroll down for video . said Recording Academy president and CEO Neil Portnow. The evenings other honorees include House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte RVa. and Jerrold Nadler DN.Y. Both were being recognized for their support of music creators rights. Also in attendance from the music industry were RBpop producer Rodney Jerkins singer Eddie Money singersongwriter Ray Parker Jr. singersongwriter Robert Earl Keen Jr. and saxophonist Kirk Whalum. I encourage people to go check it out if they want to get involved in Lets Move!
Britons wake up grumpier than anyone else in the Western world according to users of a sleep app. Even though we get more time in bed than most other nations  seven hours 22 minutes a night  only the Japanese South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks. People in these three countries have an excuse  they spend less time in bed with the Japanese getting an hour and a half less sleep. Scroll down for video . But while we might sleep longer we dont feel as refreshed in the morning according to results from users of the Sleep Cycle app. The app tracks how well people rest at night by using the motion sensor in their smartphone. And our mood on waking  determined by users tapping a happy sad or inbetween face  was fourth worst even though we spend more time in bed than anyone bar the Finns 7hrs 23mins Dutch 7hrs 24mins and New Zealanders 7hrs 27mins. But sleep expert Dr Neil Stanley questioned the accuracy of such apps because they assume you are asleep if you are still which is not always the case.
A resurgent Kimi Raikkonen sees no reason why Ferrari cannot win this years Formula One world title race. Following a torrid campaign with the team in 2014 Raikkonen finally has a car to his liking at Ferrari this season with the Finn looking far more like his old competitive self. Only qualifying issues have denied Raikkonen better results so far this term with the 35yearold knocking on the door of his first podium place for 19 months after finishing fourth in the last two races. At the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday Raikkonen was reeling in teammate Sebastian Vettel and may well have claimed third but for a late safety car. We have made big gains and we will continue to make big gains during this year. We just need to be up there when something happens to them or the conditions change but I really feel on speed we will get there to regularly beat them. An error at the Shanghai International Circuit resulted in Raikkonen starting sixth and although he passed Williams duo Valtteri Bottas and Felipe Massa on lap one he could do no more. It is what it is.
Juventus have ruled out a move for Manchester United loan star Radamel Falcao after claiming the Colombia strikers wages are beyond their means. Falcao has endured a difficult period at Old Trafford after arriving in an expensive loan deal from Monaco last summer. The 29yearold is unlikely to remain at the club after scoring only four goals and failing to force his way into Louis van Gaals starting XI. Its utopian to imagine him in a Juventus shirt. However Marotta did claim the Italians who reached the Champions League semifinals at the expense of Monaco on Wednesday were interested in strike pair Paulo Dybala and Edinson Cavani. With Dybala rated at 35m PSGs unsettled striker Edinson Cavani could be a cheaper alternative . We do like Dybala and he is one of our objectives Marotta said. I wont hide the fact that I have met with Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini  even if I do go and deny it he will only blurt it out anyway. Hes a great player but alongside him you need experienced players too. Lets just see what happens.
Palmerston remains a very painful place for Rangers managers. Consider this the first harsh lesson of Stuart McCalls tenure. Back in the chill of midDecember Ally McCoist led the Ibrox side here on the day it emerged he had handed in his notice of resignation. Booked Higgins . Ref Don Robertson . Att 5093 .
England have finally arrived home from Turin after their delayed flight landed at Manchester Airport following Tuesday nights 11 draw with Italy. The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgsons men to take an extra nights stay. Stopping in Manchester for the sides northernbased players and staff before moving on to London players from Manchester United Manchester City Everton Liverpool Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Barclays Premier League this weekend. Michael Carrick left and Wayne Rooney right lead the northernbased England players off the flight home . The pair were joined by Tottenham trio Ryan Mason left Harry Kane centre and Kyle Walker . Kane says his goodbyes to international teammate Gary Cahill at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon . Jagielka shakes hands with Henderson as the Merseyside rivals head back to their respective clubs . Ross is a terrific player Rooney said afterwards. Everton midfielder Barkley will be hoping he can raise his club form to match his Tuesday performance .
Attack Sam Barton who has had 55000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex was egged on Easter Monday pictured Britains vainest man who had taxpayerfunded plastic surgery to look like reality star Joey Essex said today he is being bullied online by a gang who have now thrown eggs in his face. Sam Barton who has had 55000 of cosmetic surgery  including two operations on the NHS  believes the culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts and then attacked him in the street. The 22yearold says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house. He said It was quite a shock at first. I had just left the pub with two friends when I was suddenly pelted in eggs. They clearly didnt like me. Scroll down for video . He admitted spending an astonishing 100000 in just four years blowing up to 2000 a night on 300 bottles of expensive fizz. The rest Ive spent on designer clothes jewellery holidays spa treatment and champagne. At one point I counted 15 credit cards and store cards. My manager says this bankruptcy thing will clear my debts so its basically free money isnt it?
A woman who already has four children is set to become a mother of seven after falling pregnant with triplets. Nadine Crooks 33 who lives in Smethwick West Midlands was stunned to discover she was expecting again as doctors told her she was infertile after she had her fourth child. She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago. Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries. It is incredible. I knew I was pregnant though because I obviously know the signs by now Nadine said. I had been a hairdresser for some time but wanted to take the hairdressing course at college. My mum was not very happy. When their father found out he put his head in hands. I used to watch these programmes on TV about people with triplets and quadruplets and think I couldnt cope with that but Ive got lots of family to help me when they arrive. I dont have a clue what has happened.
John Carver has labelled Moussa Sissokos reckless lunge on Lucas as indefensible as the Newcastle boss refused to make excuses for his captain. The defeat was Newcastles fifth in succession and left them with work still to do to ensure they do not get pulled into the relegation battle. Moussa Sissoko lunges in and makes a terrible tackle on Liverpool midfielder Lucas . The 25yearold was sent off for a second bookable offence during Newcastles defeat at Anfield . Carver admitted Sissoko could easily have been shown a straight red pulling no punches. I dont want to be seen to be a moaner but it is fact we dont get big decisions for whatever reasons it could be me. He said I thought the first nine minutes we were very tentative nervous after our performance against Sunderland. One or two guys rolled their sleeves up. I think we got a response. There are lot of positives to take from the game.
Women travelling on the London Underground are being urged to report sexual assaults in a new initiative. Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport with a video in which a female commuter is groped while on the Tube. The uncomfortable footage  which uses actors  sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male who looks her up and down gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her. Scroll down for video . Every time the man steps up his creepy efforts the narrator  Broadchurch actress Olivia Coleman  asks Would you report it? According to TLC one in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported. The campaigns website reads You can report anything of a sexual nature including rubbing groping masturbation leering sexual comments indecent acts or someone taking photos of you without your consent. No incident is too small or trivial. You will always be believed and you will always be taken seriously.
Millions of devout Christians around the world have been commemorating the final days of Jesus Christ by taking part in aweinspiring and shocking Holy Week celebrations. The festival which marks the trial crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents. In a diverse display of traditions thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious selfflagellation in demonstrations of commitment to their faith. In northern Philippines barefooted men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition thought to stem from 13th century Roman Catholics. In Zamora in the region of Castile and Leon penitents from 16 Christian brotherhoods were pictured during an enthralling nighttime procession through the towns streets. Fraternities wearing robes and conical hoods to maintain anonymity were also seen beating drums in a spellbinding ceremony in Santander. Penance Among a crowd attending a mass at the Santa Teresas Basilica in Caracas Venezuela yesterday a devotee dons a crown of thorns . Focused Filipino flagellants carry a wooden cross on their back along a street in Pampanga Province north of Manila today .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao may only be nine days away from touching gloves but that hasnt stopped them rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous. While Pacquiao was making another appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live Mayweather was welcoming Mariah Carey to his gym. Carey has long been a fan of Mayweather having attended his fight against Shane Mosley in 2010. Scroll down for video . Floyd Mayweather poses with Mariah Carey after she paid him a visit at his Las Vegas gym . Written by the boxer himself the song is called I Fight for the Filipino People and Kimmel even joined in with the 36yearold. Mayweather will make the short trip from his gym to the MGM Grand next week while Pacquiao will fly in from his Los Angeles base.
Nigel Farage suffered a fresh blow today after a new poll showed Ukip trailing badly in a series of key seats. Across 10 constituencies targeted by Mr Farages party Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour. The revelation came as Mr Farage admitted that he had made some mistakes during the campaign but insisted he was confident he could get it back on track. Scroll down for video . Across the 11 marginal constituencies  including Boston  Skegness Great Yarmouth and North Thanet  Ukip now trail the Tories by 18 per cent and Labour by 7 per cent . Im being a bit more selective. No no. Hands up I was. I wasnt getting it right. In an interview with MailOnline Mr Clegg said Mr Farages mask is slipping to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white lashing out in a scrabble for headlines. The rest say both are the same. This is despite the fact Labour presided over a policy of open borders in which record numbers were allowed to pour into the UK.
More than 140 children have been removed from their classes at schools in Washington because they could not prove they have had the required vaccinations. Scroll down for video . Earlier this year Tom Frieden director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said he was concerned about the possibility of a large measles outbreak in America. Given the increased awareness that the world has of the possibility of pandemic I think heightened awareness is certainly not a bad thing. Mr Morrison said complete documentation is important to protecting students so that if there was an outbreak at school staff would know which students to send home. The CDCP warned Measles virus can live for up to two hours on a surface or in an airspace where the infected person coughed or sneezed. Children aged one to four are most vulnerable. In a 1998 UK study the triple MMR vaccine was linked to autism causing parents to panic and refuse to get their children vaccinated  leading to a rise in cases and resulting deaths and permanent injuries. His claims have been disproved by a number of scientific studies.
